Other Ideas Listed:
A scalable, electronic ozone filtration system to neutralize odors and pathogens from feedlots, waste treatment facilities, and contaminated air environments:
Mitigate the odor produced by stockyards and commercial waste treatment facilities by erecting a dome or cover over the odor producing area, then vent through an ozone generator.  Can mitigate the ozone produced by implementation of an ozone destruct device, in-line before exhausting the scrubbed air back into the atmosphere.  Would free currently undevelopable land for real estate development due to the common nuisance of noxious odor.  Scalable from porta-potty sized solar powered units to industrial capacity.  The following two-part description, will illustrate first my industrial and commercial uses and secondly my defense application(s).
Please describe your product and what it does or will do.	We place an ozone generator in-line with the exhaust vent to deactivate the odor before it leaves the facility.  In facilities with central HVAC, we install an in-line ozone generator inside the return.  Our in-line ozone generator then deactivates / removes the noxious odor before it is vented into the atmosphere.  Or, before the noxious odor enters the air conditioning unit.  We further offer ozone destruct devices installed in sequence, following our ozone generator, to make the newly purified by ozone air breathable.  When we reverse this last sequence by installing our ozone generator first in-line in the intake vent of a building, vehicle, vessel, or wearable mask, then following it by an ozone destruct device.  We can purify contaminated air breathing.  The primary use is in defense, as our systems persistently purify biologically and chemically contaminated air for breathing in combat. 
This technology may be used to produce breathable air.  This technology may be utilized in wearable tech.  
In partnership with Ozone Solutions, we offer the option of mitigating the ozone produced either through the inclusion of sensors, analyzers, and ozone destruct devices or simply by heating the post-treatment air to 200 degrees Celsius.  
Ozone Solutions, Inc’s established presence in the field will allow for our tech to be installed and maintained to industry standards.  The first time.  We are quite flattered to have already formed a partnership with such a well-respected competitor in the field as Ozone Solutions.
Thus, ours is an entirely new category of protection from both biologically and potentially chemically contaminated atmospheres as well.  We engineer our solutions as turn key for industries heretofore unable to manage the odor offput from their facilities.  Stockyards and commercial waste treatment come first to mind.
In theory, our tech could be incorporated into an enclosed feedlot with HVAC that would allow year-round operation, and thus providing a new food source, in arctic and arid climates?
Our tech would allow cattle feedlots to operate in generally temperate climates by exhausting the enclosure through our ozone generator, after recovering the water and methane, without being a legally actionable public nuisance due to the escaping smell.  
Our tech would allow cattle feedlots to operate in inhospitable climates of either hot or cold, with the addition of properly sized HVAC and insulation.  
Our tech could provide a means for a feedlot owner facing encroachment issues.  To remain in business at the current location with simply the addition of a cover, HVAC, and our tech.
For context, our ozone generators in conjunction with our ozone scrubbers/destruct devices, require far less energy to operate than air conditioning for the same enclosed space.
Our tech would allow the rancher and employees to remain inside the facility without being overcome by the odor.  As my tech will remove the odor by filtering the returned air through an ozone generator, then removing the ozone so produced, before entering the heat exchanger / air conditioning unit.  With the odor and ozone both removed, when cooled or heated, the purified air would return to the enclosure.  
My tech would be a nearly green way of producing high quality protein. As the energy deficit that would remain after recapitalization of the methane for processing into natural gas, see below;
Would be powered with a zero-carbon footprint either by nuclear, and/or solar panels mounted on the exterior of the enclosure. 
Furthermore, assuming the methane from the cow flatulence could be captured?  The cow farts could be recapitalized into the operation.  While the complaints are commonly that cows produce massive amounts of the methane contributing to global warming.  Ours is the first tech to actually address by enclosing the cows in an enclosure equipped with our odor removing tech.  
For instance:
Cows can wear backpacks that collect their methane. These backpacks can catch up to 300 liters of methane per day, which is enough to power a refrigerator for a day.  
Obviously, a few so-equipped feedlots globally will not budge the needle on global cow methane emissions and its resultingly negative effect on climate change?  However, our customer’s knowledge they are doing their part to deny climate change, by recapitalizing all the herd’s produced methane, as allowed for the first time by our tech.  Including methane produced from flatulence is heady advertising.
Furthermore, corporations could likely offset their carbon tax in other ventures by investing in and operating the currently-being-described enclosed feedlot?  As such would be green food production technology.
The likely necessary automated feed, water, and waste removal systems would allow the rancher to best construct for their particular microclimates maximum temperature range. 
 For instance, in arctic climates, installing insulated and heated channels for transport of the waste material to the digester.  
Automated feed, water, and waste removal would allow the rancher to maximize efficiency.
Such a covered food lot would actually prevent industrial espionage.  As in this day of drone technology, counting your competitor’s herd from a Mavic 3 is no difficulty.  
Such a covered food lot would prevent any type of drone related activity from harassing or injuring the cattle.  
This enclosure would allow cattle lots to be located in locations currently unavailable due to nearby population and public nuisance laws.  With the cattle out of sight and smell, activist harassment and filming would become more difficult.  Assuming the water could be re-captured as well?
This could function well in quite arid environments.  As sort of a beef version of aquaculture.
Moreover, raising cattle in such an environment would allow the rancher to tailor the interior to maximize the potential.  
For instance, if the cows are fed an entirely from processed feed, the purity of the beef could be in fact guaranteed.
Such an enclosed feed lot would allow the rancher to protect their cattle from viral threats.  For instance, bird flu.  
The rancher could experiment with different colors of light from the surrounding enclosure to boost production.  
The rancher could further experiment with sound to increase production. 
The waste could be captured for recapitalization by digester.  Specifically: 
Farms with digesters collect a farm’s slurry of manure and urine. In California, the mixture is often separated into liquid and solids, and the liquid goes into a lined and covered lagoon—the digester—to capture the methane that the mixture produces. That methane is then cleaned and processed into natural gas. https://insideclimatenews.org/news/19092022/dairy-digesters-methane-california-manure/#:~:text=Farms%20with%20digesters%20collect%20a,and%20processed%20into%20natural%20gas .
Our tech will become the reigning solution for controlling wastewater treatment odors.  At present, [t]here are many odor control technologies in the marketplace, and no one reigning solution exists.  https://www.tpomag.com/blog/2017/09/qa_how_to_eliminate_wastewater_treatment_odors_sc_001b0 .
With a cover, such as mentioned in the above article:
 [e]scaping odor vapors can be contained and evacuated for further treatment.  Id.
With our tech installed as the treatment mentioned above.  The odor vapors and in particular, the odor from hydrogen sulfide (H2S), would be would be neutralized before being released into the atmosphere as is the current state of the art.  
Such odor removal would allow the land to be used in a much closer proximity to the wastewater treatment facilities.  
With every community operating at least one.  Imagine the prime location land installation of our tech would free for immediate development?
Defense:	Here, we apply the same concept as industrial to protect troops, tanks, aircraft, and equipment from Chemical, Biological, Radiological, [and Nuclear] (CBR[N]) attack. However unlike with industrial applications when we are trying to protect those outside the enclosure from odors released within.  In defense, the tech is reversed in order to protect those within the enclosure, from toxic particles in the atmosphere.  To accomplish, we suction in contaminated air and decontaminate it via the conversion to ozone process.  Afterwards, utilizing analyzers and sensors, we can set our scrubbers / ozone destruct devices to remove all traces of ozone for safe breathing by humans.  Alternatively, the ozone can be destroyed by heating to 200 degrees Celsius, followed by means cooling, such as air conditioning.  Removing the ozone via heating would quite possibly have the additional benefit of destroying all agents not affected by ozone. As the same heating process to remove ozone, or heating to 200 degrees Celsius or higher. Should sufficiently degrade any chemical weapon compounds still within the air so as, with nothing more, to render it safe for breathing.  Applies equally to any properly sealed enclosure, including: structures, vehicles, vessels, and aircraft.   
Aerospace:	Same concept as defense, but in the colonization of extraterrestrial planets with life sustaining atmosphere.  Here again, our product line suctions in the alien air and decontaminates it by forcing through the active field of an ozone generator.  Before scrubbing the ozone out so that it could be consumed by humans.  In this way, our extraterrestrial customers will not need to generate their own oxygen to avoid death by potential alien airborne toxin.    
Complex Design for Initial Human Colony on a Potentially Habitable Planet.  Working Name:  	Extraterrestrial Colonization Base (ECB)
#5
To colonize extraterrestrial planets, we must give all deference to any and all on-planet hazards to human life. 
Consequently, taking a page from the military, security will be our first priority in building our Extraterrestrial Colonization Base (ECB).
To achieve 100% operational security in an extraterrestrial environment.  
Our ECB will, be printed to mimic an existing section of the planet.  
The section to be mimicked will be absolutely out of the lines of travel on that planet,
So as to avoid having wandering threats from randomly encountering the physical perimeter of our ECB. 
For instance, our ECB could be constructed under the planet to be colonized oceans?
Or far better, on the top of their Mt. Everest equivalent.
To camouflage our ECB on the top of, for instance Mt. Everest, we must first recall the reason for which we are hiding?  
On this planet we are hiding indefinitely, 
beginning from when we arrive and going until on site leadership decides.
We hide, as we do not want that planet’s equivalent of Napoleon’s army. 
Nor do we wish an ever-increasing population of their version of tyrannosaurs, trying to gnaw their way through our ECB because they can walk up to the side.
Therefore, our ECB ideally needs to sit on the most inaccessible to that planet’s life, location to avoid local flora and fauna from stumbling across it.  
The first most inaccessible location for installing our human life-sustaining ECB would seem to be on the top of an unscalable peak.  Or, at the bottom of the ocean?  Because any other location carries an increased risk of discovery simply by accident.  
To accomplish, we Lidar-survey the top of the desired peak to be colonized.  Then we print our ECB to seamlessly blend into the top of the mountain. 
We do this to confuse any non-technologically advanced sentient life forms as to the location of our new base of operations in their planet.  
If the planet to be colonized, turns out to be inhabited by sentient and technologically advanced beings?  Well,
I would presume our colonizers could simply ask them for a place to stay?  
Regardless, we are not building our ECB in a contested environment. 
Our ECB is not a fortification.
Rather, our ECB is a concealed base (matching Army FOB or COB criteria) from which our colonizers initial effort may begin their assessment of the planet.
As our colonizers will be there, the rest of their lives.  We will dimension the colonizers ECB, based on Army FOB or COB criteria.  
We will then print our ECB based on our determined location(s), to indefinitely support
As many colonizers as the mission expects to reside therein.

#6				The Skin
Our ECB’s outer shell will be as described previously and below. 
With its key feature being that it is a living, breathing skin;
To prevent spaceflight lag, our ECB will be capable of recreating endless 24-hour cycle just like on earth.  
Each 24-hour cycle will be unique.  
The various weather features our ECB will produce will be medically designed, to best reduce depression.  Akin to anti-jetlag mood lighting on today’s most modern jets.  
The interior of the ECB with to the greatest extent possible? Recreate earth’s atmosphere and day / night cycles.
The interior of the ECB will appear to be exactly as if its inhabitants were still on earth.
This will be so to prevent any avoidable injury to our customers. 
As the effects of the planet being settled are, as yet untested on human subjects? 
Best practices would be to drop our weary customers into exactly the environment they left.
In this way, when the mission commander is satisfied the colony in the ECB may safely begin transitioning to the local light and day cycle,
Should the colony inside the ECB decide to transition to the local light cycle?
The ECB’s skin will be able to become opaque, and even transparent.
The weather features our ECB will be capable of simulating for its inhabitants on a continually updating basis, exactly as earth, will include at least: 
Wind;
Rain;
Mist;
Sun;
Moon;
Heat;
Cold;
Clouds;
Recovery of daily evaporated moisture, for reconstitution in the water harvesters (lol, Uncle Owen) 
Our ECB will so accomplish, via interlinked networks of, “capillaries” and “arteries” inside its skin.
Planetary environment depending, antifreeze or heated fluid inside the ECB’s temperature controlling system of tubes would keep the atmosphere at a warm 70 degrees, regardless of the planetary temperature outside the ECB.
Like the temperature controlling system of tubes, systems of tubes will be interlinked to 1. Repair, 2. Replace, and 3. Upgrade the ECB’s skin.
Through the Repair network of tubes, 
The ECB’s administrators may remotely repair any damage to the ECB skin by flowing liquefied ECB skin compound to the damaged sections of skin and then controlling its solidifying either via heat, or drying times.
Alternatively, the ECB’s repair tube network will be available to provide liquified skin compound, directly to the injury site.  So that repair drones may make the repairs, without bringing spare parts or raw materials.
Through the Replace network of tubes, 
The ECB’s administrators may remotely replace any damaged or otherwise unserviceable tube or other hard section to the ECB skin.
The repair network will allow for damaged tubes to replace themselves using AI.  
By flowing the replacement tubes to the repair side, then flowing them into replace the broken piece.  
Through the ECB’s Upgrade tubes network of, 
The ECB’s administrators may remotely repair any damage to the ECB skin by
The ECB’s sensor networks will be neurally-linked, and to a limited extend self-repair.
The ECB’s skin is rapidly becoming some type of reusable compound, somewhat akin to carbon fiber “wax,” for lack of a better term.  
The ECB’s skin will need to have a carbon fiber level of strength; and 
A carbon fiber weight, 
The ECB’s liquid skin’s lower weight will be designed to facilitate interstellar transport in large, easily deployed-from tanks.  
The ECB’s, heat-formable skin material will only function properly on colder extraterrestrial planets.   

#7 				ECB Defensive Skin
The ECB’s Skin’s Defensive Measures will be cross-compatible, to the greatest extent with what which we will offer for our earth-anchored customers.
The ECB’s Skin’s will be camouflaged under the drone-based, lidar-mapping process described above.
The ECB’s camouflage will include even, for instance, the same trees as were in the same location in its pre-ECB condition.  
All native to the planet trees and vegetation will be AI controlled to accurately match their: 1. Coloring, 2. phase of growth, and surface temperature to the surrounding vegetation.
For best concealment practices, there can no distinction between where the native planet ends and our ECB begins.
The carbon fiber, or other liquifiable polymer will be designed with the latest technology available to be as stealthy as possible.
Stealthy.  The ECB’s Skin will incorporate the latest tech to remain invisible to traditional sensors.  Traditional Sensors including: 
Radar;
Sonar;
Thermal Imaging;
Radio;
Microwave.
The ECB’s Skin will incorporate the latest tech to remain invisible to non-traditional sensors as well, including:
Multispectral imaging in multiple visual and IR bands.
Multispectral imagery is defined as sensor data collected 
simultaneously from three or more spectral regions or bands. 
The same scene is imaged in all the spectral bands,
with each spectra image assigned a display color and 
overlaid to form a multi-spectral composite image.  See: https://www.collinsaerospace.com/what-we-do/industries/military-and-defense/intelligence-surveillance-reconnaissance/multispectral-imaging .

#8			ECB Installation
Assembly will be conducted by constructing the interlinking webs of tubing 
The ECB’s permanently clandestine invisible, for instance our hypothetical Mt. Everest-top location, will be surveyed in the manner determined by the mission leader.
The ECB will be installed in the following manner:
 The initial framework will be deployed, from self-hovering, cargo drones;
“Spraying,” or guiding using swarms of specially configured drones, and
Based on Lidar or similarly accurate, 360-degree blueprints.
“Spraying” the various hose networks down to form an engineeringly sound lightweight framework, akin to the frame inside a boy scout tent.  
An engineeringly sound lightweight framework that onto which, our similarly deployed. E.g., from hovering cargo drone rockets, 
A lightweight framework of tubing and reinforcing material,
Around which, Building-level 3d printers will be deployed to begin spraying the skin compound.
Envisioning our 3d building printers along the lines of enormous, quad copter drones;
The rigid tether would provide each AI controlled drones printer in the swarm unlimited power, and theoretically unlimited printing resources.
Each “3d printer drone on a pole,” would be able to move much more precisely with a rigid tether, 
A rigid, precisely-machined titanium tube tether would significantly aid in the drone printing nozzle’s precision.
Due to the increased wind resistance such a brace would provide.
The 3d drone printing nozzle would each be controlled by AI,
To effectively function as a city-sized, hovering, centrally-controlled printer,
With each drone functioning as one, individual printing nozzle.  
The drone could maneuver its tether, under its own power to sufficiently flex to better locations when such became necessary.
The ECB’s printer drones would move to new locations, under their own power, by,
Flying to the top of the tether, (The tether tube is captured inside a hole the center of the drone); 
The printer drone would lift its tether tube and base-assembly, under its own engine power.  
To arrive at its new location.
How the skin compound would make it into base of the drone printer’s tether tube is yet TBD?
In turn, the printer drone would stabilize its tether pole to prevent damage to the tether.
In lieu of magic carbon fiber liquid putty?  Concrete would be an acceptable placeholder / strawman until the best material is located.
Mask for Fog-free Optic and Goggle Use:		Similar to the mask in the link below.  But with the ability to insert heating elements to warm the air both before breathing into your lungs and after, so the exhaust opening will not freeze.  As well as to include lengthened exhaust tubes to direct wearers exhaled breath far enough behind their head to not condense on the wearer’s glasses, goggles, binocular, or telescopes. For use in activities such as bird watching, astronomy, winter sports, and all other activities in which optics becoming fogged is an issue. Especially, uses in which the user must look through the optics or wear glasses under which they would normally fog over, blinding over until clear.  https://tuckamoredew.wordpress.com/2012/01/22/fog-free-at-last-diy-cold-weather-cycling-mask/ 
Coach’s Mask:	 A mask allowing a sporting coach to broadcast their voice via the voice amplification technology (a small loudspeaker) in a clearly audible format to those, within earshot, while simultaneously preventing either their expression or lips to be read.  The broadcasting device, a single loudspeaker, would be remotely connected to the mask.  The loudspeaker gimbal mount would be remotely directed by the wearer to swiveling back and forth with the wearers head.  To broadcast the sound in the direction the mask is oriented.  Eventually incorporate Apple Vision Pro style HUD tech to eliminate the need for a physical clipboard.  Connected to the skyboxes and quarterback electronically.  Designed to allow the coach not to shout and thereby maintain their cool.  Can post team or advertiser logos on the mask.  Mask shapes and colors to be designed by the teams.  
Freeze Case Computer:	A computer/PC case designed for high temperature gaming operations by containing it inside a chest freezer.  As water-cooling is big in PC gaming, simply adding motherboard and power supply attachment points inside a properly sized freezer would provide a far colder environment for the same components with far less complexity and cost.
Reverse Apple Live Listen App:	An app to essentially reverse the current functionality of Apple’s Live Listen, where the iPhone acts as a microphone and AirPods as the receiver. In this setup, the AirPods would act as the microphone, sending audio to the iPhone, which would then play it for the user.  For covert surveillance.  “Forget” the AirPods in the target location.  Go back to retrieve when intelligence is collected.  AirPods are common devices and equally commonly lost. As will likely not make it to the app store.  Instead sell only to LEO and government agencies.
“FSD for Humans” App:	An app allowing our customers to track their employees’ routes through a building or job site for the entirety of the project.  To be viewed as a hologram.  The purpose is to insulate our customer from liability.  By adding in the ability of supervisors to geo-tag specific locations with specific tasks, such as installing a light fixture.  Tasks that will be filmed while in progress by the employees’ body or helmet cam.  A cam that will include Ai analysis of the work and provide the wearer warnings when steps are missed.  Also include Ai instructions for the task at hand.  Ai instructions to ensure the task, such as auto mechanics, is completed properly and by the manual with no steps missed.  By presenting transparent instructions on some type of HUD.  An Apple Vision Pro headset designed to meet all relevant safety standards.  Would highlight the area or part to be worked on next.  Would provide current reference guide.  A headset that, after establishing a baseline for its wearer, would nag when the employee missed a step in the process, would order the next parts, tools, code permits, for the task. At the time in the procedure the Ai determined would provide best workflow.  Could also instantly notify supervisors when the employee behaved unusually, as if intoxicated, or had a medical emergency.  Would insulate the customer from liability.  By providing both a digital trail in space of each employee’s location, but also a video record of their actions, as well as Ai supervision of the task.  If requested and available, such would allow us to provide the customer with a scrollable database of all our customers employees’ actions in their building, from start to finish.  To include live monitoring of every device we installed for maintenance and replacement.  Would further reduce liability, because if truly 3d?  All spaces could be visually verified for service by the customers employees.  Aka, FSD for Humans.
Ozone Clothes Dryer: 		A portable or permanent tumble clothing dryer to dry wash clothes with ozone while also drying with heat in preparation for hunting or other activity requiring completely cleaned clothes.  Would allow each drying cycle to clean the clothing in a completely different manner than they were just cleaned in the washing machine.  For outdoor use only.  
  AIMK19 Autonomous Weapons Carrier Vehicle and Delivery Vehicle:	An Ai-controlled, human “can be on the loop,” tracked carrier for a MK-19 grenade launcher.  
Designed to defeat the type of mass human wave tactics at present being employed in Ukraine by Russia.  
To consist of the following integrated components: fire direction control (FDC), automated gun mount, ground surveillance radar serving as forward observer, Ai brain to make decisions outside of FDC.  
Rubber tracks, fully electric tactical operation, rocket-assisted jet motors to allow emergency maneuvers as a drone.  
Emergency maneuvers such as landing directly downwards to escape missile and aircraft threat.  As well as the ability to blast backwards and upwards from its firing position when an immediate threat is detected like a fly.  
Its drone flying ability will allow it to meet its equally Ai-controlled autonomous carrier aircraft and land inside, without it needing to land or slow its flight.  
Will include retractable wings to assist in landing when deployed from the same carrier drone.  
Designed to be re-armed and refueled at a base 15 miles behind friendly lines.  
With the FDC cutting digital fuses designed to detonate the round, like a proximity fuse, above the targets head.  With current technology and in full auto configuration, there is no reason this weapons system could not destroy an enemy combatant with each round fired.  Or, 200-350 enemy KIA per minute at the MK-19’s cyclic rate of fire.  Further design notes, please read the bracketed information as not included in my design.  But left in should they prove of use in your analysis:
In Short Form Our Ai Mk-19 gun platform (AIMK19).:		
Removes the need for a Forward Observer (FO)
Time of flight of round defeats the need to adjust fire.  
Meaning no more bracketing the target.  One dismounted enemy infantry soldier will die with each shot.
Background:	The Ukrainians report that the Russians hate of the Mk-19 because its rounds are silent in flight.  As the Russians cannot hear Mk-19 rounds coming, they cannot take cover before impact.
In 3ID's AAR of the 2003 Ground Invasion, they call the Mk-19, the premiere killing weapon on the battlefield.  3ID called it this, because it destroys cover while also suppressing.  This is the first weapon to accomplish both.  
Therefore, my initial concept is an autonomous/semi-autonomous, MK-19, firing robot.
With integrated Ground Surveillance Radar (GSR) FDC.
In conjunction with MK 285-PPHE 40mm Prefragmented Programmable High Explosive (PPHE) Air Burst Ammunition utilized in the MK47 ALGL. 
The FDC will calculate a firing solution at whichever priority of target it was trained to fire first.  For instance, transitioning from closest to furthest.  
Once the FDC calculates the firing solution, the AI or AI-assisted weapon fires one MK 285-PPHE 40mm round, fuse cut to explode as an airburst, with sufficient lead to detonate at dead center, of where that target is calculated to be upon detonation.
The AIMK19 then fires the next target, in order of priority.  And so on, until it runs dry on ammo.  
As soon as our AIMK19 begins firing, its carrier craft, also autonomous, autonomously launches to retrieve the AIMK19.
Because of the AIMK19’s security being provided by stealth rather than armor, at the point it fires, it has compromised its position.  Consequently, after opening fire, our AIMK19 needs to accomplish as much destruction of enemy personal and vehicles in the shortest timeframe possible.  Before blasting off to begin its Ai driven flight back inside its carrier craft.
The cost savings of the firing solution being calculated and entered in, with no reason to adjust in flight will make this an incredibly cost-effective means of destroying dismounted enemy infantry.  
As the MK 285-PPHE 40mm round is not designed to be corrected in flight, it does not require expensive seeker heads, laser guidance, or GPS-enabled steering.  In fact, our AIMK19 will function equally well in a GPS-denied environment.  As the AIMK19 relies entirely on its internal GSM to track and internal FDC to accurately hit targets.
In addition, with its rubber tracks and electrical drive our AIMK19 can move across the ground as an FPV or Ai controlled rolling drone.
This weapon pretty much ends infantry on the battlefield. 
However, as Russia has easily 50 million more men to squander on the battlefield, their infantry needs to be ended. 
China has an equal number of military-aged males to sacrifice on the lethality of this weapon.
Iran, oh Iran.  Bring it, with those human wave attacks. 
40mm is quite inexpensive. 
My weapon system will end enemy infantry on the battlefield, as it exists today. The AIMK19’s rubber tracks will be designed to avoid leaving sign that can be spotted from the air.   Give the carrier vehicle, a silent, electric drive option to reduce its moving or operating sound signature, that could compromise its position.
Battery sized large enough, that after moving into staging positions, to allow it to remain in a concealed position, for conceivably months, while waiting in and silently moving between staging positions. 
[Doing so, while camouflaged solar panels, shaped like branches, with or without leaves.  Thereby, allowing it to charge from this type of camouflaged solar array.
Think, a vehicle covered with a forest of titanium, suicide drone defeating blades, shaped like branches?  With the ability to change color on whim, and covered with solar panels to generate energy.
A solar array, that would move with the sun.  Making it never look exactly the same to defeat repeated ISR flyovers or a permanent ISR presence.  
Think solar panels shaped like trees or plants.  
With the ability to change the color based on the surrounding vegetation.  So, it always appears fresh, in season, vibrant, and totally vegan.  
Take it a step further by armoring the solar arrays sufficiently enough to detonate enemy drones equipped with shaped charge, or dual-shaped charge warheads?  
This serves the dual purpose of charging the vehicle and weapon's batteries.  While also providing stand-off detonation, and thus the defeat of shaped charge warhead attacks.]
The AIMK19 will further be designed to creep, ever so incrementally, on battery power, to defeat or degrade a persistent ISR presence in the AO.  
Creeping mere inches per minute to defeat time-lapse ISR.
As this weapon is uncrewed, 2k rounds of 40mm, its drive components, the conventional fuel tank would make for a relatively lightweight vehicle.  
Not designed to be armored.  Some type of carbon, nonmetallic skin would eliminate steel armor as a means of its detection by the enemy.  
[Perhaps then give it some type of rocket-assisted extraction ability?  Because, me, the E4 for 18 years in the army would ABSOLUTELY drive that puppy into the biggest tangle of vines, two continents away, and be perma-stuck.  Unless I could fire my rockets and maneuver out of the tangle.  Or to fly over obstacles, under rocket power.  Obstacles including ravines, rivers, creeks, and sharp terrain.]
[Potentially incorporate rocket-assisted parachute dropping.  So that this vehicle could be dropped, in multiples, from a C-130 or C-17 even far behind enemy lines, and land while maneuvering under its own jet power. 
Build in jet-assisted recovery, also by C-130 or C-17.  Jet-assisted recovery, in which this AIMK19 can accelerate sufficiently to maneuver into, and land inside the airAIMK19 without it having to land.]
Our AIMK19 will be designed with four jets, one on each corner, in order to allow it to maneuver like a drone, under jet thrust, rather than prop-generated lift.
Additionally, the AIMK19 will mount rockets on the same gimbals as the rocket motors.  To allow for the rockets to complete the initial lift off from the AIMK19’s location.  Before transitioning to jets in a VTOL manner.
[Until this integrated weapons system decides or is told to wait, and destroys its entire magazine worth of infantry, before sliding its way back to resupply, refit, and reload.]
One shot, one kill at Mk-19 rate of fire, for 2k rounds, would result in 2k enemy dismounts destroyed, at the rate of 325 to 375 rounds per minute, within 2,212 meters, in 5.71 minutes?
Two thousand enemy casualties produced, in under six minutes.  Out to 2,200m.
THE CARRIER CRAFT 
With the basic weapons system concept complete, and upon further consideration, I am revising the carrying AIMK19 as follows:
The AIMK19 is a carbon fiber, composite, radar absorbing, thermal evading, lightweight, unarmored (initially and for weight reasons), jet-powered, rocket-assisted, UCAV. With retractable composite, carbon fiber wings, large enough to allow it to glide to a normal, runway landing.
Wings generating its lift, will add greatly to the range of its primary means of propulsion. Specifically, 4 jet engines configured in a standard quadcopter configuration.
The AIMK19 carrier, AIMK19AC, is designed to allow this weapons system, the ability to implement my newly designed tactic. The tactic being, once it runs dry on ammo to immediately blast off and fly, under its own power and land at either:
A designated rendezvous site to the rear of the action, or
Inside a military cargo aircraft, such as a C-130 or C-17, or its to be after-designated Autonomous Carrier Aircraft (AIMK19AC).
The AIMK19 will infiltrate either by aerial dropping from the same C-130 or C-17 type of military cargo aircraft. A sort of an aerial, “rubber duck” type of operation. 
For instance, the AIMK19 will deploy its wings immediately after separating from the delivery vehicle. Then through a combination of its jet engines and movable, control surfaces on the lift generating wings, land stealthily at its designated firing position. 
Thereafter, upon firing its entire load of ammunition, or for other reason, based on commanders’ intent, initially blast out of its firing position, with the assistance of VTOL rockets in a quadcopter type of configuration.  
However, the AIMK19 is technically an octo-copter.  As it will have a rocket sitting inside of, but on the same attachment point as each of the four jets.  The rockets will have the ability to maneuver autonomously from the flight jets.  As the rockets are designed to get the AIMK19 out of its ground location and to 500’ AGL before the jets take over to propel it forward.
In defensive maneuvers when aloft. The rockets will serve the same defensive function as when launching from the ground.  Or that of blasting the AIMK19 at such velocity, due to its uncrewed nature, to be able to avoid any targeting or weapon system currently fielded.  However, when aloft the rockets will allow the AIMK19 to avoid aerial threats, such as airAIMK19 -launched seeker style missiles.  By rotating 180, to blast the AIMK19 downwards, where the power will shift into the jets to allow a standard landing.
The AIMK19’s autonomous flight computer would calculate the attack angle for successfully landing inside the cargo hold of the recovering cargo airAIMK19. At the most efficient, or tactical moment the AIMK19 would then blast from cover, quickly enough to evade anti-aircraft defenses. It would then fly in the most efficient manner to the rear and below of the AIMK19AC. 
At this point the recovering cargo aircraft would have deployed a recovery probe, with some sort of magnet-like or other positive means of securing a grasp on the AIMK19, during the final stages of terminal recovery. By the nose, or other means that would afford the AIMK19 the ability to retract its wings, while remaining stable, and to guide its jet propulsion, to a positive return to the cargo deck for return flight to the recovery and refit location.
By blasting off, and flying away, the second it finished firing its ammunition load, the AIMK19 denies the enemy any ability to locate it through all traditional means.
Because of the AIMK19 ’s design, or that it is designed to blasts off, and fly back home, either to the inside of an aircraft, or an established resupply base to the rear of battle. The AIMK19 provides the commander the means to flex their forces, with quickness and speed, both upon infiltration and exfiltration to multiple locations, within the battlefield, during the same day.
RELOADING
The reloading of this AIMK19 would be by removable magazine. This magazine concept would be that the empty magazine could be dropped, and replaced with a loaded magazine, mechanically and without unnecessary delay.
The removable magazine concept would be such, that soldiers in the field, could remove the magazine, while under fire, and put their wounded buddies inside, and fly them to an aid station or CSH in the rear in the timeframe known, as the platinum 10 minutes. 
MEDEVAC
The AIMK19 ’s magazine space would be of the size and shape to comfortably carry two, fully-equipped combat soldiers, with sustainment gear, once the weapons system has exhausted the ammunition in the magazine. Or, as situation dictates.
RELOADING
The AIMK19 ’s magazine would also allow it to be used to resupply frontline troops on a regular basis instead of its primary role of directing deadly fire onto all enemy dismounts, as soon as they are detected.
REFUELING
However, jets and rockets refuel(?).
RECHARGING
Recharging the AIMK19’s batteries will be conducted by replacing the AIMK19 with a fresh AIMK19.  In addition, should such solution exist to generate electricity from the jet powered flight?  The AIMK19 will incorporate such tech as well.  
INSERTION / EXTRACTION DEFENSES
The AIMK19 would primarily rely upon landing in a computer-controlled pattern designed to defeat the threat detected. In other words, once the AIMK19 receives sensor warning of a pending or actual radar lock, it flies downward and evasively to land on the ground. The intent so being, to basically drop too sharply for the missile to remain locked.  The AIMK19 will then remain stationary on the ground, should the missile’s launcher be an aircraft, hunting my AIMK19. Think Star Wars, hiding on the bottom of the Empire Battleship, but on the ground instead.
SURVIVABILITY
As the AIMK19 is uncrewed, it is designed to fly missions back-to-back, indefinitely. 
The AIMK19 s components will be modular and replaceable. So, for instance a damaged jet could be replaced simply by unplugging and reattached by plugging.
The profile, as uncrewed would be no taller than 4’, and no wider than can be carried inside the cargo bay of a C-130.
With sufficient AIMK19’s at their disposal, deployed via fixed-wing infiltration and exfiltration means. The commander could continually flex the firepower provided by this AIMK19, around the battlefield in such a manner, as to never allow the enemy an opportunity to recover. My AIMK19 effectively form a non-stop airbridge of AIMK19, moving between ever new firing positions, and resupplying/reloading in the rear. 
The commander could simply leapfrog these AIMK19, in the standard overwatch maneuvers of both mounted and dismounted formations. Except, the next bound would be with a freshly armed and refueled AIMK19, which arrives near enough to the end of the last AIMK19 ’s fire mission so that the rate of fire on the enemy never stops. My AIMK19, in fact, completes the next “bound,” while the AIMK19 that is currently firing, the one to be replaced, is covering its incoming replacement.
The incoming replacement AIMK19, of course is arriving fresh from refit at the rear. This fresh AIMK19 arrives, when its AI “TACP/JTAC,” calculates the optimum time to keep the maximum effect on the enemy.
The AI nature, of what is effectively an "organism" consisting of multiples of this AIMK19. When used in conjunction with the uncrewed and autonomous AI control of the AIMK19, the AI JTAC allows the commander the means, ammunition levels depending, to keep a persistent and constantly advancing rate of fire, in all weather conditions, with no rest time needed for the crews. While also suffering zero US casualties as the entire combat-facing element is uncrewed/unmanned. No humans in the loop. 
As this is warfare, my weapons system cannot be expected to distinguish between civilians on the battlefield and enemy combatants. Thus, military users should prepare, in advance to pay reparations to the family of any noncombatants so killed. It’s war folks. It isn’t pretty. This should end it a lot quicker, and with a lot fewer US casualties.
[Anti-drone measures include integrating an Israeli Trophy APS into the RAP launch sequence.  So that in case a suicide drone or other kinetic weapon attack is detected.  Also due to the initially-designed-in, low level of armored protection.] The ability to blast off, for lack of better description when such a threat is detected will provide this weapon systems entire survivability vs. kinetic attacks.
NETWORKED
The AIMK19 Ai will be trained to automatically maintain interlocking fields of fire and sensing with the AIMK19 to its left, right, rear, and front.  Once the linkup occurs.  All AIMK19’s will go radio silent to avoid detection.  With the Ai being synched prior to going emission silent.  The entire network will correctly know each AIMK19’s actions until one or more comes back on the net to report a reportable change.
INCORPORATED JLENS DRONE
The AIMK19 will incorporate a drone on a tether with the equivalent of a JLENS threat detection camera as well as a magnified camera, and other sensors.  This drone will be tethered to the AIMK19 in order to have flight time unlimited by internal battery capacity. To avoid EW countermeasures due to no radio signal.  Will provide the AIMK19 the ability to see, sense, target, and communicate through tree canopy’s as well as underwater.  
UNDERWATER
As the AIMK19 is uncrewed and lightweight.  Its ability to launch and recover from underwater delivery vehicles will be incorporated.  As will its ability to remain concealed, for extended periods of time, in water deep enough to avoid detection.  While the drone tether provides security and situational awareness while acting as a periscope by floating on the surface.  While additionally retaining the ability to activate its flight ability to move above the surface of the water, should the situation dictate such as being necessary.  The AIMK19 would use the water as visual and thermal concealment while waiting for the instructed event to trigger its movement to the beach, or launch into the air in order to assume firing positions.
CAMOUFLAGE
Incorporated electrically heated and cooled skin, in combination with sensors, will allow the AIMK19 to blend in with its immediate thermal background in a chameleon-like manner.  Thus, making it undetectable by thermal cameras. 
LANDMINE THREAT MITIGATION
Landmine threats will be mitigated by the AIMK19 being entirely jet-propelled quad copter with retractable lift surfaces.  [Meaning the drive system has been done away with, and maneuvering will be accomplished by airborne flight.  Thus, mitigating the ground-based threat by flying over, at altitude sufficient to avoid all victim-initiated landmine attacks.]
CYBER / EW
Research needs to be launched into defeating cyber and EW threats.  However, should the equivalent AI-based  SR-71 Astroinertial Navigation System, aka R2-D2, be available or design-able? Then such would be incorporated to defeat GPS denial threats.  See:  https://theaviationgeekclub.com/the-sr-71-astroinertial-navigation-system-aka-r2-d2-was-crucial-in-blackbird-mission-heres-why/
Beyond sheathing all components in thick, transmission-blocking counter-cyber and counter-EW armor.  All the latest cyber and EW counter-technology will be incorporated as developed.
------------------------------------------Nothing Follows------------------------------------------------