
Table of Contents
Welcome to Packt Early Access
1
Introduction to Cloud Security
What is a cloud service?
What are the cloud deployment models?
What are the most common cloud service models?
Why we need security
What is the shared responsibility model?
AWS and the shared responsibility model
Azure and the shared responsibility model
GCP and the shared responsibility model
Command-line tools
AWS CLI
Azure CLI
Google Cloud SDK
Summary
2
Securing Compute Services – Virtual
Machines
Securing VMs
Fundamental best practices for securing VMs
Amazon EC2
Azure VMs
GCE
Best practices for authentication
Amazon EC2
Azure VMs
GCE
Best practices for securing network access to an
instance
Amazon EC2
Azure VMs
GCE
Best practices for conducting patch management
Amazon EC2
Azure VMs
GCE
Best practices for securing backups
AWS Backup
Azure Backup
Google Cloud Backup and DR
Summary
3
Securing Compute Services – Containers
and Kubernetes
Securing containers
Securing Kubernetes
Kubernetes terminology
General best practices for Kubernetes
Best practices for identity and access management in
Kubernetes
Best practices for data protection in Kubernetes
Best practices for auditing and security monitoring
in Kubernetes
Implementing secure configuration in Kubernetes
Securing non-Kubernetes workloads
Securing Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS)
Securing Azure Container Apps
Securing Google Cloud Run
Summary
Welcome to Packt Early Access
We're giving you an exclusive pr eview of this book befor e it goes on sale. It
can take many months to write a book, but our authors have cutting-edge
information to shar e with you today . Early Access gives you an insight into
the latest developments by making chapter drafts available. The chapters
may be a little r ough ar ound the edges right now , but our authors will up -
date them befor e the book is published.
1
Introduction to Cloud Security
This book, Cloud Security Handbook,  is meant for various audiences. You
could be taking your ﬁrst steps working with cloud services, or you could
be coming from an IT  perspective and want to know about various comput -
ing and storage services and how to conﬁgure them securely . You might be
working in information security and want to know the various authentica -
tion, encryption, and audit services and how to conﬁgure them securely , or
you might be working with architecture and want to know how to design
large-scale environments in the cloud in a secure way .
Reading this book will allow you to make the most of cloud services while
focusing on security aspects. Before discussing cloud services in more de -
tail, let me share my opinion regarding cloud services.
The world of IT  is evolving. For decades, or ganizations used to purchase
physical hardware, install operating systems, and deploy software. This rou -
tine required a lot of ongoing maintenance (such as patch deployment,
backup, hardening, monitoring, and so on).
The traditional data center had many constraints, including the following,
among others:
Physical hardwar e: Organizations were bound to the hardware they
purchased. In case hardware capacity was not enough, or ganizations had
to purchase additional hardware, up to the physical space limit in their
data centers.
Utilization : In most cases, hardware was not utilized 100% (i.e., not run -
ning 24x7, using 100% of hardware resources) or overprovisioned (i.e.,
provision more hardware resources than actually needed by the
applications).
Cost : The purchase of new hardware was done several years in advance,
regardless of the actual use.
Maintainability : Organizations had to maintain everything from the
physical data centers, hardware, software, and their conﬁgurations.
The cloud introduced a new paradigm – that is, the ability to build modern
applications or consume managed services to achieve the same goal of run -
ning software (from ﬁle servers to enterprise r esour ce planning  (ERP ) or
customer  relationship management  (CRM ) products) while using the ex -
pertise of the hyper -scale cloud providers.
Some well-known customer stories of cloud computing are as follows:
Netﬂix : One of the lar gest video streaming services worldwide. It uses
Amazon Web Services  (AWS) to run its media streaming services:
https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/case-studies/innovators/netﬂix/ .
Mercedes-Benz : One of the most famous automotive brands. It uses
Azure OpenAI service to transform the in-car experience for drivers:
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/mercedes-benz-enhances-drivers-
experience-with-azure-openai-service/ .
Home Depot : The lar gest home improvement retailer in the United
States. It uses Google Cloud to run its online stores: https://www .google -
cloudpresscorner .com/2024-04-1 1-The-Home-Depot-Extends-
Relationship-with-Google-Cloud-to-Drive-Innovation-in-Interconnected-
Retail .
Securing cloud environments can be challenging, depending on your previ -
ous knowledge in IT , information security , or cloud services in general.
Reading this book will assist you in gaining the necessary knowledge of
how to secure cloud environments, regardless of your role in the or ganiza -
tion or your previous experience.
In this book, we will compare various aspects of cloud computing (from
fundamental services, such as computing, storage, and networking, to com -
pliance management and best practices for building and securely maintain -
ing lar ge-scale environments), while reviewing the different alternatives of -
fered by AWS, Micr osoft Azur e, and Google Cloud Platform  (GCP ).
It does not matter which or ganization you are coming from – this book will
allow you to have a better understanding of how to embed security in any of
the lar ge hyper -scale cloud providers.
You do not have to read everything – simply ﬁnd out which cloud provider
is common at your workplace or which cloud provider you wish to focus
on, and feel free to skip the rest.
In this chapter , we will cover the following topics:
What is a cloud service?
What are the cloud deployment models?
What are the cloud service models?
Cloud deployment models
The shared responsibility model
What is a cloud service?
As part of this introduction, let us set the terminology to make sure we are
all on the same page.
The National Institute of Standards and Technology  (NIST ) deﬁnes
cloud  as a technology that has the following ﬁve characteristics:
On-demand self-service : Imagine you wish to start a blog, and you need
computing resources. Instead of purchasing hardware and waiting for the
vendor to ship it to your ofﬁce and having to deploy software, the easier
alternative can be a self-service portal, where you can select a pre-in -
stalled operating system and content management system that you can
deploy within a few minutes by yourself.
Broad network access : Consider having enough network access (the
type that lar ge internet service pr oviders  (ISPs ) have) to serve millions
of end users with your application.
Resour ce pooling : Consider having thousands of computers, running in
a large data center , and being able to maximize their use (from CPU,
memory , and storage capacity), instead of having a single server running
10% of its CPU utilization.
Rapid elasticity : Consider having the ability to increase and decrease
the amount of computing resources (from a single server to thousands of
servers, and then back to a single server), all according to your applica -
tion or service needs.
Measur ed service : Consider having the ability to pay for only the re -
sources you consumed and being able to generate a billing report that
shows which resources have been used and how much you need to pay
for the resources.
Further details relating to the NIST  deﬁnition can be found at the following
link: https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/Legacy/SP/nistspecialpublication800-
145.pdf .
Now that we understand what the cloud characteristics are, let’ s talk about
cloud deployment models.
What are the cloud deployment
models?
To have a better understanding of the cloud, let us review the dif ferent
cloud deployment models:
Private cloud : An infrastructure deployed and maintained by a single or -
ganization. A private cloud, as opposed to the traditional data center , of-
fers scalability (i.e., add/remove resources as needed), cost savings (i.e.,
no need for upfront investment), and better manageability (i.e., the abili -
ty to manage all resources from a single portal, including deployment
and monitoring). Let’ s say we are a lar ge ﬁnancial or ganization (such as
a bank or insurance or ganization); we would like to serve various depart -
ments in our or ganization (from HR, IT , sales, and so on) and we might
have regulatory requirements to keep customers’  data on-premises – a
private cloud can be a suitable solution.
Public cloud : An infrastructure deployed and maintained by a service
provider for serving single or multiple customers and/or or ganizations,
mostly accessible over the internet. Naturally , this book will focus on the
public cloud model, regarding various services of fered by AWS, Azure,
and GCP .
Hybrid cloud : A combination of a private cloud (or on-premises cloud)
and at least one public cloud infrastructure. I like to consider the hybrid
cloud as an extension of the local data center . We should not consider
this extension as something separate, and we should protect it the same
way we protect our local data center .
Multi-cloud : This is preferred in a scenario where our or ganization is ei -
ther using multiple managed services (see the deﬁnition of softwar e as a
service  (SaaS ) in the next section) or using multiple public cloud infra -
structures (see the deﬁnition of infrastructur e as a service  (IaaS ) and
platform as a service  (PaaS ) in the next section) to share information
between the various cloud providers (such as a database from one cloud
provider , and an analytic service in another cloud provider).
Next, let us look at some cloud service models, including some examples of
common cloud service models.
What are the most common cloud
service models?
An essential part of understanding clouds is understanding the three most
common cloud service models:
IaaS : This is the most fundamental service model, where a customer can
select the virtual machine size (in terms of the amount of CPU and mem -
ory), select a pre-conﬁgured operating system, and deploy software in -
side the VM instance according to business needs (services such as
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) , Azur e Virtual Machines , and
Google Compute Engine ).
PaaS : This type of service model varies from managed database services
to managed application services (where a customer can import code and
run it inside a managed environment), and more (services such as AWS
App Runner , Azur e App Service , and Google App Engine ).
SaaS : This is the most widely used service model – a fully managed
software environment where, as a customer , you usually open a web
browser or a mobile app, log in to an application, and consume services.
These could be messaging services, ERP , CRM, business analytics, and
more (services such as Micr osoft 365 , Google Workspace , Salesfor ce
CRM , SAP SuccessFactors , and Oracle Fusion Cloud HCM (Human
Capital Management) ).
Understanding the cloud service models will allow you to understand your
role as a customer , as explained later in the What is the shar ed responsibili -
ty model?  section. For now , let us try to understand why we need cloud
security .
Why we need security
As mentioned previously , we can see clear beneﬁts of using cloud services
that enable our business to focus on what brings us value (from conducting
research in a pharmaceutical lab to selling products on a retail site, and so
on).
But what about security? Speciﬁcally , cloud security? Why should our or ga-
nization focus on the overhead called information security  (and, in the con -
text of this book, cloud security )?
The cloud has changed the paradigm of or ganizations controlling their data
on-premises (from HR data to customers’  data) and investing money in
maintaining data centers, servers, storage, network equipment, and the ap -
plication tier . Using public clouds has changed the way or ganizations look
at information security (in the context of this book, cloud security).
The following are a few common examples of the dif ference between on-
premises data solutions and the cloud:
Traditional
data centerCloud
envir onment
Who is r esponsible for phys-
ical security?The
organizationThe cloud ser -
vice provider
(CSP )
Wher e is the data located? On-premises Cloud provider ’s
data center data center
Who contr ols access to the
data?The
organizationBoth the or gani-
zation and the
CSP
Who is r esponsible for vul -
nerability management and
patch management?The
organizationIaaS – the
organization
PaaS – the cloud
provider
SaaS – the cloud
provider
Who is in char ge of incident
response?The
organizationBoth the or gani-
zation and the
CSP
Who is r esponsible for law ,
privacy , and r egulation?The
organizationBoth the or gani-
zation and the
CSP
Table 1.1 – Dif ferences between on-premises data solutions and the cloud
In the past, or ganizations were unwilling to migrate to a public cloud for se -
curity reasons because the physical servers were located outside of the or ga-
nization’ s direct control, and sometimes even outside their physical
geography .
Here are a few questions often asked by organizations’  management:
Are my servers going to behave the same as if they were on-premises?
How do I protect my servers outside my data center from a data breach?
How do I know the cloud provider will not have access to my data?
How can I ensure the cloud provider does not copy data between dif fer-
ent locations (with dif ferent data protection laws)?
Do my employees have enough knowledge to work in new environments
such as the public cloud?
Perhaps the most obvious question asked is this: Is the public cloud secur e
enough to stor e my data and how much mor e (or less) secur e than on-
premises is the cloud?
By design, the hyper -scale cloud providers invest billions of dollars to pro -
tect their data centers and build secure services, investing in employee
training, locating security incidents, and remediating them fast. This is all
with much higher investment, attention, and expertise than most or ganiza -
tions can dedicate to protecting their local data centers.
The reason for this is simple – if a security breach happens to one of the hy -
per-scale cloud providers, their customers’  trust will be breached, and the
cloud providers will run out of business.
At the end of the day , cloud security enables our or ganization to achieve
(among other things) the following:
Decr eased attack surface : Using central authentication, data encryp -
tion, Distributed Denial of Service  (DDoS ) protection services, and
more
Compliance with r egulation : Deploying environments according to in -
dustry best practices
Standardization and best practices : Enforcing security using automat -
ed tools and services
Reading this book will allow you to have a better understanding of various
methods to secure your cloud environments – most of them using the cloud
vendor ’s built-in services and capabilities.
Next, let us understand what the shared responsibility model is, and how it
relates to the cloud service models.
What is the shared responsibility
model?
When speaking about cloud security and cloud service models
(IaaS/PaaS/SaaS), one thing that we all hear about is the shared responsi -
bility model , which tries to draw a line between the cloud provider and the
customer ’s responsibilities regarding security (but also resiliency , sustain -
ability , and more).
As you can see in the following diagram, the cloud provider is always re -
sponsible for the lower layers – from the physical security of their data cen -
ters, through networking, storage, host servers, and the virtualization layers:

Figure 1.1 – The shared responsibility model
Above the virtualization layer is where the responsibility begins to change
(and even shared between the cloud provider and its customers).
The line between the CSP’ s responsibilities and the customer ’s responsibili -
ties may not be clear enough (from security , availability , sustainability ,
etc.). Or ganizations need to take a risk-based approach to mitigate the risks
of the shared responsibility model.
When working with IaaS, we, as the customers, can select a pre-installed
image of an operating system (with or without additional software installed
inside the image), deploy our applications, and manage permissions to ac -
cess our data.
When working with PaaS, we, as the customers, may have the ability to
control code in a managed environment (services such as AWS App Runner ,
Azure App Service, or Google App Engine) and manage permissions to ac -
cess our data.
When working with SaaS, we, as the customers, receive a fully managed
service, and all we can do is manage permissions to access our data and de -
cide which data to store in the cloud.
As a customer of cloud services, reading this book will allow you to gain
the essential knowledge and best practices for using common cloud services
(including computing, storage, networking, authentication, and so on) in a
secure way .
Next, we will look at how the various cloud providers (A WS, Azure, and
GCP) look at the shared responsibility model.
For more information on the shared responsibility model, you can check out
the following link: https://cloudsecurityalliance.or g/blog/2021/04/06/what-
an-auditor -should-know-about-cloud-computing-part-1 .
AWS and the shared responsibility model
Looking at the shared responsibility model from AWS’s point of view , we
can see the clear distinction between AWS’s responsibility for the security
of the cloud (physical hardware and the lower layers such as host servers,
storage, database, and network) and the customer ’s responsibility for securi -
ty in the cloud (everything the customer controls – operating system, data
encryption, network ﬁrewall rules, and customer data). The following dia -
gram depicts AWS and the shared responsibility model:

Figure 1.2 – AWS and the shared responsibility model
More information on the AWS shared responsibility model can be found at
the following link: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/industries/applying-the-
aws-shared-responsibility-model-to-your -gxp-solution/ .
Azure and the shared responsibility model
Looking at the shared responsibility model from Azure’ s point of view , we
can see the distinction between Azure’ s responsibility for its data centers
(physical layers) and the customer ’s responsibility at the top layers (identi -
ties, devices, and customers’  data). In the middle layers (operating system,
network controls, and applications), the responsibility changes between
Azure and the customers, according to various service types. The following
diagram depicts Azure and the shared responsibility model:
Figure 1.3 – Azure and the shared responsibility model
More information on the Azure shared responsibility model can be found at
the following link: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/security/funda -
mentals/shared-responsibility .
GCP and the shared responsibility model
Looking at the shared responsibility model from GCP’ s point of view , we
can see that Google would like to emphasize that it builds its hardware,
which means it controls the hardware, boot, and kernel of its platform, in -
cluding the storage layer encryption, network equipment, and logging of
everything that Google is responsible for .
When looking at things that the customer is responsible for , we can see a lot
more layers, including everything from the guest operating system, network
security rules, authentication, identity , and web application security , to
things such as deployment, usage, access policies, and content (customers
data). The following diagram depicts GCP  and the shared responsibility
model:

Figure 1.4 – GCP  and the shared responsibility model
Google takes the shared responsibility model one step further by deﬁning a
new term called shared fate , where both Google and its customers are part -
nered in improving the security of GCP . Google does so by of fering its cus -
tomers a set of blueprints with recommendations for the secure deployment
of various services, according to Google’ s best practices.
More information about the GCP  shared responsibility model can be found
at the following link: https://cloud.google.com/architecture/framework/se -
curity/shared-responsibility-shared-fate .
As a customer , understanding the shared responsibility model allows you, at
any given time, to understand which layers are under the cloud vendor ’s re-
sponsibility and which layers are under the customer ’s responsibility . Next,
we will introduce command-line tools to automate repetitive tasks while
managing cloud environments.
Command-line tools
One of the things that make cloud environments so robust is the ability to
control almost anything using the application pr ogramming interface
(API) or the command line.
Most mature cloud providers have already published and maintained their
command-line interface  (CLI) to allow customers to perform actions in an
easy and standard way .
An alternative to using the command line to interact with the cloud
provider ’s API is using a softwar e development kit  (SDK ) – a method to
control actions (from deploying a virtual machine to encrypting storage),
query information from a service (checking if auditing is enabled for my
customers’  logging into my web application), and more.
Since this book doesn’ t require previous development experience, I will
provide examples for performing actions using the command-line tools.
During various chapters of this book, I will provide you with examples of
commands that will allow you to easily implement the various security con -
trols over AWS, Azure, and GCP . I highly recommend that you become fa -
miliar with those tools since they allow you to achieve common tasks faster
and more efﬁciently than using the web console.
AWS CLI
AWS CLI can be installed on Windows (64-bit), Linux (both x86 and ARM
processors), macOS, and even inside a Docker container .
The AWS CLI documentation explains how to install the tool and provides
a detailed explanation of how to use it. The documentation can be found at
https://aws.amazon.com/cli .
Azure CLI
Azure CLI can be installed on Windows, Linux ( Ubuntu , Debian , RHEL ,
CentOS , OpenSUSE ), and macOS.
The Azure CLI documentation explains how to install the tool and provides
a detailed explanation of how to use it. The documentation can be found at
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure .
Google Cloud SDK
The Google Cloud command-line tool ( gcloud CLI ) can be installed on
Windows, Linux (Ubuntu, Debian, RHEL, CentOS, Fedora), and macOS.
The Google Cloud SDK documentation explains how to install the tool and
provides a detailed explanation of how to use it. The documentation can be
found at https://cloud.google.com/sdk .
Summary
In this chapter , we learned the deﬁnition of a cloud , the dif ferent cloud de -
ployment models, and the dif ferent cloud service models. We also learned
what the shared cloud responsibility model is, and how AWS, Azure, and
GCP  look at this concept from their points of view .
Lastly , we had a short introduction to the AWS, Azure, and GCP  built-in
command-line tools, and, during the next chapters, I will provide you with
examples of how to implement various tasks using the command-line tools.
The foundation set in this chapter will be referred to in the following chap -
ters, where we will dive deeper into the best practices for securing cloud
services using (in most cases) the cloud providers’  built-in capabilities.
In the next chapter , we will review the various computing services in the
cloud, including virtual machines, container services, and ﬁnally serverless
services.
2
Securing Compute Services –
Virtual Machines
Speaking about cloud services, speciﬁcally Infrastructur e as a Service
(IaaS ), perhaps the most  used IaaS service is compute – from the traditional
virtual machines  (VMs ) through modern compute services such as con -
tainers and, eventually , serverless.
Compute services allow us to deploy and run our applications from a single
VM used for development purposes to a lar ge production-scale
environment.
This chapter will cover VM services and provide you with the best practices
on how to securely deploy and manage each of them.
In this chapter , we will cover the following topics:
Securing VMs
Fundamental best practices for securing VMs
Best practices for authentication
Best practices for securing network access to an instance
Best practices for conducting patch management
Best practices for securing backups
Securing VMs
VMs have the same capabilities as physical machines on-premises, allow -
ing us to deploy our applications while having full control over all aspects
(from security to maintainability) inside the VM operating system.
VMs are commonly used for legacy applications or migrating on-premises
applications to the cloud.
Each cloud provider has its implementation of VMs (or virtual servers), but
at the end of the day , the basic idea is the same:
1. Select a machine type (or size) – a ratio between the amount of virtual
CPU  (vCPU ) and memory , according to their requirements (general-pur -
pose, compute-optimized, memory-optimized, and so on).
2. Select a preinstalled image of an operating system (from Windows to
Linux ﬂavors).
3. Conﬁgure storage (adding additional volumes, connecting to ﬁle-sharing
services, and so on).
4. Conﬁgure network settings (from network access controls to micro-seg -
mentation, and others).
5. Conﬁgure permissions to access cloud resources.
6. Deploy an application.
7. Begin using the service.
8. Carry out ongoing maintenance of the operating system.
According to the shared responsibility model  (SRM ), when using IaaS,
we (as the customers) are responsible for the deployment and maintenance
of VMs, as explained in the coming section.
Next, we are going to see what the best practices are for securing common
VM services in Amazon Web Services  (AWS), Azure, and Google Cloud
Platform  (GCP ).
Fundamental best practices for
securing VMs
In the next couple of sections, we will review the best practices for securing
VMs from dif ferent angles (authentication, network access, patch manage -
ment, and backup).
Regardless of the cloud provider you are using for VMs, you should follow
the fundamental best practices, which are relevant to any VM that you will
be deploying based on any of the hyperscale cloud providers:
Use the latest hardware generation of VMs to gain the most perfor -
mance, cost, and security capabilities.
For highly sensitive environments, use a VM family that supports conﬁ -
dential computing capabilities, to protect data in use (as explained in
Chapter 1 1, Applying Encryption in Cloud Services ).
Use a VM image from a trusted source. Most cloud service pr oviders
(CSPs ) maintain up-to-date images of both Windows and Linux ﬂavors
for use by their customers.
When creating a custom VM image, use a minimal number of packages
inside the VM image to lower the attack surface.
Enforce encryption at rest for all disk volumes of VMs to protect data
conﬁdentiality (as explained in Chapter 5 , Securing Storage Services ).
Enforce the use  of SELinux on Linux VMs to protect the VMs from
unauthorized activities at the kernel level. For more information, see
https://www .redhat.com/en/topics/linux/what-is-selinux .
Join Windows VMs  to an Active Dir ectory  (AD) domain, and centrally
enforce group policies to restrict OS capabilities from unauthorized ac -
cess. For more information, see https://www .microsoft.com/en-us/down -
load/details.aspx?id=104005 .
Use the CSP’ s built-in agents (backup, patch management, hardening,
monitoring, and so on).
Disable all unneeded services to decrease the attack surface on VMs.
For highly sensitive environments, select a Center  for Internet
Security (CIS)-hardened  image from the CSP’ s marketplace. For more
information, see https://www .cisecurity .org/cis-benchmarks .
Now , let us look at  the best practices for securing Amazon Elastic
Compute Cloud  (EC2 ), Azur e Virtual Machines  (Azur e VMs ), and
Google Compute Engine  (GCE ) instances.
Amazon EC2
Amazon EC2  is the  AWS implementation of VMs in the cloud.
Before we deep dive into security recommendations for Amazon EC2, it is
recommended to consult the following reference to learn about the best
practices for securing Amazon EC2 instances:
Security in Amazon EC2:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/A WSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-
security .html
This high-level reference on the security of EC2 instances will provide spe -
ciﬁc insights into the best practices for VMs in EC2.
Azure VMs
Azur e VMs  is the Azure implementation of VMs in the cloud.
Before we dive deep into security recommendations for Azure VMs, it is
recommended to consult the following references to learn about the best
practices for securing Azure VMs:
Azure security baseline for V irtual Machines - W indows V irtual
Machines : https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/security/benchmark/azure/baselines/virtual-machines-windows-virtu -
al-machines-security-baseline
Azure security baseline for V irtual Machines - Linux V irtual Machines :
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/security/benchmark/azure/baselines/virtual-machines-linux-virtual-
machines-security-baseline
In this section, we  shared high-level references about the security of Azure
VMs.
GCE
GCE  is the GCP  implementation of VMs in the cloud.
Before we dive deep into security recommendations for GCE, it is recom -
mended to consult the following reference to learn about the best practices
for securing GCE:
Image management best practices :
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images/image-management-best-
practices
In this section, we shared high-level references about the security of GCE.
Now , let us move on to the best practices for authentication.
Best practices for authentication
Authentication  refers to the action of performing login to a VM, using ei -
ther local authentication (using Secur e Shell  (SSH ) key authentication to
Linux machines) or domain-joined authentication (that is, authentication
against a central directory service).
CSPs do not have access to customers’  VMs. When deploying a new VM
instance, you need to conﬁgure credentials to access the VM for remote
control, login (as a local or domain identity), and maintenance of the VM.
The most common way to locally authenticate to a Windows VM is using a
username and password, while in a Linux VM, the most common way is to
use SSH key authentication.
Amazon, Azure, and Google support the following methods to authenticate
to EC2, Azure VMs, and GCE instances, respectively:
Local authentication  – This method is used for unmanaged EC2
instances
Central authentication  – This method is used for EC2 instances joined
to a domain (as explained in Chapter 9 , Effective Strategies to Implement
IAM Solutions )
Since local authentication does not scale (that is, the ability to manage local
accounts for hundreds or thousands of VMs), due to the need to manage
separate credentials for any VM in the or ganization, it is best practice to
join the VM to a central identity pr ovider  (IdP) and  avoid using local
authentication.
Next, we look at the best practices for authentication in Amazon EC2,
Azure VMs, and GCE.
Amazon EC2
Amazon supports the following methods to authenticate EC2 instances:
Local authentication  – This method is used for unmanaged EC2
instances
Central authentication  – This method is used for EC2 instances joined
to a domain (as explained in Chapter 9 , Effective Strategies to Implement
IAM Solutions )
Use the following best practices for authentication to Amazon EC2
instances:
Local authenticating to Linux VMs is done using SSH key authentica -
tion. To avoid SSH key pair reuse by unauthorized parties, use AWS
Secrets Manager to securely store and rotate SSH key pairs, as explained
here: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-use-aws-secrets-
manager -securely-store-rotate-ssh-key-pairs/ .
Most or ganizations use a central directory service (such as Microsoft
AD) to manage users, groups, and computer accounts, making it easy to
log in with unique credentials for each user to all machines in the or gani-
zation. For central authentication to VMs, join Windows or Linux in -
stances to an AD domain and use your AD credentials to log in to EC2
instances (and avoid using local credentials or SSH keys completely).
For more information, see the following links:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-
guide/launching_instance.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-
guide/seamlessly_join_linux_instance.html
Azure VMs
Azure supports the  following methods to authenticate to Azure VMs:
Local authentication  – This method is used for unmanaged VMs
Central authentication  – This method is used for VMs joined to a do -
main (as explained in Chapter 9 , Effective Strategies to Implement IAM
Solutions )
Use the following best practices for authentication to Azure VMs:
Authenticating Linux VMs is done using SSH key authentication. To
avoid SSH key pair reuse by unauthorized parties, generate and store
SSH keys in the Azure portal, as explained here: https://docs.microsoft. -
com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/ssh-keys-portal .
Most or ganizations use a central directory service (such as Microsoft
AD) to manage users, groups, and computer accounts, making it easy to
log in with unique credentials for each user to all machines in the or gani-
zation. Follow these instructions to understand how to join Windows and
Linux VMs to Microsoft Entra ID:
Join Windows VMs to Microsoft Entra ID and take the beneﬁts of
passwordless authentication: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/entra/identity/devices/howto-vm-sign-in-azure-ad-windows
Join Linux VMs to Microsoft Entra ID:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/devices/howto-vm-
sign-in-azure-ad-linux
GCE
Google supports  the following methods to authenticate Google VMs:
Local authentication  – This method is used for unmanaged Google
VMs
Central authentication  – This method is used for VMs joined to a do -
main (as explained in Chapter 9 , Effective Strategies to Implement IAM
Solutions )
Use the following best practices for authentication to GCE:
To perform login to a Linux VM (except Fedora CoreOS), you need to
set up OS Login and OS Login with two-factor  authentication  (2FA),
as explained here: https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/oslogin/set-
up-oslogin .
Most or ganizations use a central directory service (such as Microsoft
AD) to manage users, groups, and computer accounts, making it easy to
log in with unique credentials for each user to all machines in the or gani-
zation. Follow these instructions to understand how to join Windows and
Linux VMs to Google Managed Microsoft AD:
Join a Windows VM to a domain: https://cloud.google.com/managed-
microsoft-ad/docs/seamless-domain-join-gce
Join a Linux VM to a domain: https://cloud.google.com/managed-mi -
crosoft-ad/docs/quickstart-domain-join-linux
In this section, we explained how to authenticate EC2, Azure VMs, and
GCE. Next, let us see the best practices for securing network access to an
instance.
Best practices for securing network
access to an instance
Access to VMs is  protected by network-based access contr ol mechanisms .
Network-based access controls are the equivalent of the on-premises layer 4
network ﬁrewall or access control mechanism.
Network access refers to the action of connecting to a VM over the network
and protecting it from unauthorized access  using network access contr ol
lists (NACLs ) (such as the on-prem ﬁrewall).
Network access controls work in one of the following ways:
Stateless  – The receiver (for example, a ﬁrewall) does not maintain the
previous connection’ s state (of the client). Suitable for scenarios that re -
quire high network speed. It requires the conﬁguration of both inbound
and outbound network rules.
Stateful  – The receiver (for example, a ﬁrewall) maintains the entire
connection’ s state (of the client). Suitable for scenarios where we need to
maintain information about connections between a client and a server
(for example, to be able to block suspicious trafﬁc). It requires the con -
ﬁguration of only inbound network rules.
As you will learn in Chapter 6  (Securing Networking Services – Part 1 ),
some CSPs implement a stateless NACL, while others implement a stateful
NACL  to allow network connectivity to  resources such as VMs.
As a customer , you conﬁgure parameters such as source IP  (or Classless
Inter -Domain Routing  (CIDR )), destination IP  (or CIDR), destination port
(or predeﬁned protocol), and whether the port is Transmission Contr ol
Protocol  (TCP ) or User  Datagram Protocol  (UDP ).
The most basic thing about managing VMs is allowing remote access and
management for the purpose of VM maintenance (such as software installa -
tion, patch management, and so on).
For remote access and management, the following applies:
Windows VMs are using the Remote Desktop Pr otocol  (RDP ). Limit
inbound network access to TCP port 3389 .
Note : This is the default port for Windows machines, and it can be
changed to make it difﬁcult for unauthorized parties to gain access.
Linux VMs are using the SSH protocol. Limit inbound network access to
TCP port 22.
Note : This is the default port for Linux machines, and it can be changed
to make it difﬁcult for unauthorized parties to gain access.
For remote access protocols (SSH/RDP), limit the source IP  (or CIDR)
to well-known addresses.
Today , each of the hyperscale cloud providers of fers secure methods to re -
motely connect and manage VMs. For ﬁle-sharing protocols ( Common
Internet File System  (CIFS )/Server  Message Block  (SMB )/File Transfer
Protocol  (FTP )), limit the source IP  (or CIDR) to well-known addresses.
Limit the number of ports allowed in an inbound connection to the mini -
mum required ports for allowing your service or application to function.
Let us look at how we can secure network access to an instance in the case
of Amazon EC2, Azure VM, and GCE.
Amazon EC2
Use the following best practices for securing network access to Amazon
EC2 instances:
Use a NACL  to restrict inbound and outbound trafﬁc at the subnet level,
as explained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/user guide/vpc-network-acls.html
Use security groups to restrict inbound trafﬁc at the EC2 instance level,
as explained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/user guide/vpc-security-
groups.html
For granular access, use another security group as either the source or
destination in a security group
Set names and descriptions for security groups to allow a better under -
standing of the security group’ s purpose
Use tagging (that is, labeling ) for security groups to allow a better under -
standing of which security group belongs to which AWS resources
Use EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint  to remotely connect to an EC2
instance, as explained here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/A WSEC2/lat -
est/UserGuide/connect-with-ec2-instance-connect-endpoint.html
The following diagram explains how a user remotely connects to a
Linux-based EC2 instance using EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint:
Figure 2.1 – Connection through EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
In the preceding  diagram, we have the following:
The user connects to the EC2 Instance Connect endpoint service from
the public internet and authenticates using SSH key authentication.
A secure connection passes from the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint
service to an NACL  assigned  at the Virtual Private Cloud  (VPC ) level
and from the NACL  to a security group assigned at the private subnet
level to the EC2 Instance Connect Endpoint located in a private subnet.
A secure connection passes from the EC2 Instance Connect endpoint to
the tar get EC2 instance, inside the private subnet.
To keep the trafﬁc between the Amazon VPC and the EC2 instance pri -
vate (that is, within the AWS backbone), create an interface VPC end -
point, as explained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/A WSEC2/latest/UserGuide/interface-vpc-
endpoints.html
Azure VMs
Use the following  best practices for securing network access to Azure VMs:
Use Azure network security gr oups  (NSGs ) to restrict both inbound
and outbound trafﬁc at either the subnet level or at the network inter -
face contr oller  (NIC) (VM) level, as  explained here: https://learn.mi -
crosoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/network-security-groups-
overview
Set names for NSGs to allow a better understanding of the security
group’ s purpose
Use tagging (that is, labeling ) for NSGs to allow a better understanding
of which NSG belongs to which Azure resources
Use Micr osoft Entra Privileged Identity Management  (PIM ) to allow
just-in-time  (JIT) access to a remote VM, as explained here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/id-governance/privileged-identi -
ty-management/pim-conﬁgure
Use Azur e Bastion  to remotely connect to an Azure VM, as explained
here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bastion/bastion-overview
The following diagram explains how a user remotely connects to an
Azure VM using Azure Bastion:
Figure 2.2 – Connection to Azure VM through Azure Bastion
In the preceding diagram, we have the following:
The user logs in to the Azure portal and initiates a session to Azure
Bastion
A secure connection is initiated through an NSG to Azure Bastion
Azure Bastion sends a secure RDP/SSH connection through an NSG to a
private subnet
The connection  through the NSG connects to an Azure VM
GCE
Use the following best practices for securing network access to GCE:
Use VPC ﬁrewall rules to restrict inbound trafﬁc at the GCE level, as ex -
plained here: https://cloud.google.com/ﬁrewall/docs/ﬁrewalls
Set names and descriptions for ﬁrewall rules to allow a better under -
standing of the security group’ s purpose
Use tagging (that is, labeling ) for ﬁrewall rules to allow a better under -
standing of which ﬁrewall rule belongs to which GCP  resources
Use Identity-A ware Proxy (IAP) to remotely connect to a Linux-based
GCE, as explained here:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/connect/ssh-using-iap
The following diagram explains how a user remotely connects to a
Google VM through an IAP:
Figure 2.3 – Connection to a Google VM through Google IAP
In the preceding  diagram, we have the following:
The user initiates a secure connection to a Google IAP  (located inside a
Cloud VPC, behind a VPC ﬁrewall rule), and authenticates against the
Google IdP
The Google IAP  passes the connection over a secure channel to a VPC
ﬁrewall rule (located in a private subnet) and into a Google VM located
in a private subnet
To restrict access to GCE from trusted sources and reduce the risk of
data exﬁltration, use VPC Service Contr ols, as explained here:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/protecting-resources-
vpc-service-controls
In this section, we learned how to protect access to VMs at the network lay -
er. Now , let’s dive into how to conduct patch management.
Best practices for conducting patch
management
Patch management  is a crucial part of every instance of ongoing mainte -
nance. To deploy security patches for either Windows- or Linux-based in -
stances in a standard manner , it is recommended to use the following
method:
1. Conﬁgure the patch baseline.
2. Use tagging (that is, labeling ) for your VMs to allow patch deployment
groups per tag (for example, prod versus dev environments).
3. Scan your VMs for deviation from the patch baseline at a scheduled
interval.
4. Install missing security patches on your VMs.
5. For stateless VMs (where no user session data is stored inside the VM),
replace an existing VM with a new instance, created from an up-to-date
operating system image ( note: the process is known as immutable
infrastructure).
6. Review patch deployment reports.
Now , let us see the application on each cloud platform.
Amazon EC2
Patch management  in the context of Amazon EC2 refers to the action of de -
ploying security hotﬁxes for the operating system of the VM, keeping it
safe from known vulnerabilities.
Use the following best practices for patch management of Amazon EC2
instances:
Use AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to deploy security patches
for EC2 instances, as explained here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sys -
tems-manager/latest/user guide/patch-manager .html
Create a group with minimal Identity and Access Management  (IAM )
privileges to allow only relevant team members to conduct patch
deployment
Use Amazon Inspector to search for missing security OS patches on EC2
instances and additional information such as Common Vulnerabilities
and Exposur es (CVE ) and  risk score, as explained here: https://doc -
s.aws.amazon.com/inspector/latest/user/scanning-resources.html
Azure VMs
Patch management in the context of Azure VMs refers to the action of de -
ploying security hotﬁxes for the operating system of the VM, keeping it
safe from known vulnerabilities.
Use the following best practices for patch management of Azure VMs:
Use Azure Update Manager to deploy security patches for Azure VMs,
as explained here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/update-
manager/overview
Use minimal privileges for the account using Azure Update Manager to
deploy security patches
Conﬁgure automatic VM guest patching, as explained here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/automatic-vm-
guest-patching
Use Micr osoft Defender  Vulnerability Management  to search for
missing security patches on Azure VMs, as explained here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/defender -vulnerability-
management/defender -vulnerability-management
GCE
Patch management  in the context of GCE refers to the action of deploying
security hotﬁxes for the operating system of the VM, keeping it safe from
known vulnerabilities.
Use the following best practices for patch management of GCE:
Use VM Manager (Patch) to deploy security patches for GCE, as ex -
plained here: https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/os-patch-
management
Use minimal privileges for the accounts using operating system patch
management to deploy security patches, according to Google Cloud IAM
roles
Gradually deploy security patches zone by zone and region by region
Integrate VM Manager with Google Security Command Center to gener -
ate vulnerability reports, as explained here: https://cloud.google.com/se -
curity-command-center/docs/concepts-security-sources#vm_manager
Create patch jobs to deploy security patches on GCE: https://cloud. -
google.com/compute/docs/os-patch-management/create-patch-job
Use the following best practices for OS updates at scale: https://cloud. -
google.com/blog/products/management-tools/best-practices-for -os-
patch-management-on-compute-engine
In this section, we learned how to centrally deploy security hotﬁxes for EC2
instances, Azure VMs, and GCE and use a vulnerability management ser -
vice to scan for missing security patches.
Best practices for securing backups
Backing up is crucial for VM recovery . Each of the hyperscale cloud
providers of fers a managed service for scheduling backups to VMs. Access
to backups is governed using authorization rules, and backups are encrypted
at rest by default.
Backups are part  of disaster  recovery  (DR) processes, ensuring the or gani-
zation will be able to survive data loss (from accidental deletion of a VM up
to a hacker deliberately deleting data) or data inaccessibility (such as ran -
somware encrypting an entire VM).
As a best practice, regularly conduct restore VMs from backup to validate
that the backups are functioning and that data can be restored (especially in
production environments).
Let us see how this ﬁgures for each of the platforms.
AWS Backup
This is a fully managed backup service supporting  many AWS services,
from EC2 instances, storage  services (Amazon Simple Storage Service
(S3), Amazon Elastic Block Stor e (EBS ), Amazon Elastic File System
(EFS), and so on), and  database services (Amazon Relational Database
Service  (RDS ), Amazon  Aurora, and so on).
Use the following best practices for securing Amazon EC2 instances while
using AWS Backup:
Refer to AWS’ security considerations for using AWS Backup:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/security-
considerations.html .
Conﬁgure the AWS Backup service with an IAM role to allow access to
the encryption keys stored inside AWS Key Management Service
(KMS ) and to the backup vault, following  the principle of least privi -
lege (PoLP ).
The AWS Backup service encrypts customers’  backups at rest using
AWS encryption keys, stored in AWS KMS (as explained in Chapter 1 1,
Applying Encryption in Cloud Services ). As an extra layer of protection,
conﬁgure AWS Backup to perform backups of EBS volume snapshots.
Note : for sensitive environments, it is recommended to encrypt EBS vol -
ume snapshots using a customer -managed encryption key .
Use tagging (that is, labeling ) for backups to allow a better understand -
ing of which backup belongs to which EC2 instance: https://docs.aws.a -
mazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/creating-a-backup-plan.html .
To keep trafﬁc between Amazon VPC and AWS Backup endpoints pri -
vate (that is, within the AWS backbone), create an AWS Backup VPC
endpoint, as explained here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-
backup/latest/devguide/backup-privatelink.html .
For a regulated environment, conﬁgure AWS Backup Vault Lock in com -
pliance mode to keep backups immutable from changes or deletion:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/vault-
lock.html .
For critical production environments, conﬁgure AWS Backup to create
copies of backups to another AWS region (also known as cross-region
replication): https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-
backup/latest/devguide/cross-region-backup.html .
Use AWS Backup Audit Manager  to audit  backup activity (for exam -
ple, which resources  have been  backed up, which backups are encrypted,
and so on): https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-
backup/latest/devguide/aws-backup-audit-manager .html .
Azure Backup
This is a fully managed backup service, supporting many Azure services,
from Azure VMs, storage services (Azure Blob Storage, Azure Files, and so
on), database services (such as Azure Database for PostgreSQL), and Azur e
Kubernetes Service  (AKS ).
Use the following best practices for securing Azure VMs while using Azure
Backup:
Follow the Azure security baseline for Backup, as explained here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/security/benchmark/azure/baselines/backup-security-baseline .
Use Azure role-based access contr ol (RBAC ) to conﬁgure Azure
Backup to have minimal access to your backups: https://learn.microsoft. -
com/en-us/azure/backup/backup-rbac-rs-vault .
The Azure Backup service encrypts your backups in transit and at rest
using Azure Key Vault (as explained in Chapter 1 1, Applying Encryption
in Cloud Services ). Azure Backup automatically encrypts backups using
platform-managed keys (that is, encryption keys controlled by Azure).
For sensitive environments, encrypt backups of VMs using customer -
managed keys: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/backup/encryp -
tion-at-rest-with-cmk .
To keep trafﬁc between the Azure VNet and Azure Backup private (that
is, within the Azure backbone), create private endpoints for Azure
Backup and deny public network access to the  backup vault:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/backup/backup-azure-private-
endpoints-concept .
Enable the soft delete  feature to protect your backups from accidental
deletion, as explained here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/azure/backup/soft-delete-virtual-machines .
For regulated environments, enable an immutable vault to keep backups
immutable from changes or deletion, as explained here: https://learn.mi -
crosoft.com/en-us/azure/backup/backup-azure-immutable-vault-how-to-
manage .
For regulated environments, use Azure Policy to conﬁgure compliance
controls for Azure Backup, as explained here: https://learn.microsoft. -
com/en-us/azure/backup/security-controls-policy .
For critical production environments, conﬁgure Azure Backup to create
copies of backups to a paired Azure region (also known as cross-region
replication): https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/cross-region-restore-
crr-for-azure-virtual-machines-using-azure-backup/ .
Google Cloud Backup and DR
This is a fully  managed backup  service, supporting many GCP  services,
from GCE, storage services (such as Google Filestore), and database en -
gines (such as Microsoft SQL, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, SAP  HANA,
and so on).
Use the following best practices for securing GCE while using the Google
Cloud Backup and DR service:
Follow the documentation for using Cloud Backup and DR to back up
GCE: https://cloud.google.com/backup-disaster -
recovery/docs/concepts/backupdr -for-compute-engine
Use IAM permissions to conﬁgure Cloud Backup and DR to have mini-
mal access to your backups, as explained here:
https://cloud.google.com/backup-disaster -recovery/docs/access-control
To restrict access to Cloud Backup and DR service from trusted sources
and reduce the risk of data exﬁltration, use VPC Service Controls:
https://cloud.google.com/backup-disaster -
recovery/docs/conﬁguration/vpc-sc
Use Security Command Center Premium to detect anomalous backup ac-
tivity: https://cloud.google.com/backup-disaster -recovery/docs/monitor -
reports/alerts-scc
In this section, we  reviewed backup services in the context of conﬁguring
scheduled backups for EC2, Azure VMs, and GCE.
Summary
In this chapter , we learned how to securely maintain a VM, based on AWS,
Azure, and GCP  infrastructure.
In each section, we reviewed how to manage identity management  (IdM )
(for authentication and authorization), how to control network access (from
access controls to network encryption), how to conduct patch management,
and ﬁnally , how to conﬁgure backup for DR.
In the next chapter , we will review compute services in the cloud, with a fo -
cus on containers and Kubernetes.
3
Securing Compute Services –
Containers and Kubernetes
In the previous chapter , we learned about security in VMs.
This chapter will cover containers and Kubernetes-managed services and
provide you with best practices on how to securely deploy and manage each
of them.
In this chapter , we will cover the following topics:
Best practices for securing Kubernetes workloads (identity and access
management, network access, auditing and security monitoring, and
compliance)
Best practices for securing non-Kubernetes workloads (identity and ac -
cess management, network access, and auditing and monitoring)
Securing containers
Containers share some of the same characteristics as VMs but with a much
smaller footprint. Instead of having to deploy an application above an entire
operating system, you could use containers to deploy your required applica -
tion, with only the minimum required operating system libraries and
binaries.
Containers have the following beneﬁts over VMs:
Small footprint : Only required libraries and binaries are stored inside a
container
Portability : You can develop an application inside a container on your
laptop and run it on a lar ge scale in a production environment with hun -
dreds or thousands of container instances
Deploy time : Fast deployment and updates compared to VMs
The following diagram presents the architectural dif ferences between VMs
and containers:
Figure 3.1 – VMs versus containers
If you are still in the development phase, you can install a container engine
on your laptop and create a new container (or download an existing contain -
er image) locally , until you complete the development phase.
When you move to production and have a requirement to run hundreds of
container instances, you need an orchestrator  – a mechanism (or a man -
aged service) for managing container deployment, health check monitoring,
container recycling, and more.
Docker was adopted by the industry as a de facto standard for wrapping
containers, and in the past couple of years, more and more cloud vendors
have begun to support a new initiative for wrapping containers called the
Open Container  Initiative  (OCI ).
Kubernetes  is a containers orchestrator , based on an open source project
(developed initially by Google) and is now considered the industry’ s de fac -
to standard for orchestrating, deploying, scaling, and managing containers.
In this section, I will present the most common container orchestrators
available as managed services – from Kubernetes to managed container or -
chestrator services on top of AWS, Azure, and GCP  infrastructure.
You can use the following additional reading materials about containers,
OCI images, and Kubernetes:
What is a container? :
https://www .docker .com/resources/what-container
Open Container Initiative :
https://opencontainers.or g/
OCI artifact support in Amazon ECR :
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/oci-artifact-support-in-amazon-
ecr/
Azure and OCI images :
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -registry/container -reg-
istry-image-formats#oci-images
GCP  and OCI image format :
https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/supported-formats#oci
Kubernetes pr oject :
https://kubernetes.io/
Next, we are going to see what the best practices are for securing common
container and Kubernetes services from AWS, Azure, and GCP .
Securing Kubernetes
As mentioned earlier in this chapter , Kubernetes is the most widely used
container orchestrator . In this section, we will learn how to secure managed
Kubernetes services.
Kubernetes terminology
Before we begin the conversation about Kubernetes, let us deﬁne the vari -
ous components of Kubernetes.
For high availability , Kubernetes is deployed in a cluster  mode (hence,
Kubernetes cluster). At a high level, a Kubernetes cluster has the following
components:
Contr ol plane components :
Kubernetes API server : The main component of the Kubernetes
cluster , used to expose Kubernetes APIs to incoming trafﬁc for cluster
maintenance, and for in-cluster trafﬁc between the various cluster
components.
etcd: A key-value database for storing cluster conﬁguration (such as
the number of running worker nodes or deployed pods).
kube-scheduler:  A component responsible for assigning Pods to
nodes based on dif ferent scheduling factors such as resource require -
ments, afﬁnity , and so on.
kube-contr oller -manager:  A component in char ge of running other
controllers (such as node controller , replication controller , etc.).
Worker  node components :
kubelet:  A component that controls the communication between the
API server and the pods running on top of worker nodes.
Kubernetes runtime:  Software for running containers, such as
Docker or CRI-O.
kube-pr oxy: A component that manages network connectivity to
Kubernetes services using ﬁltering rules.
Pod:  A unit that contains one or more containers. Applications are de -
ployed into containers.
Ingress contr oller:  A component that controls inbound trafﬁc to a
Kubernetes service, including load balancing, network access rules (con -
trolled using network policies), trafﬁc encryption, and so on.
Kubernetes service:  A logical set of pods and policies for allowing ac -
cess to deployed applications. Policies can deﬁne the number of required
running pods, load-balance IP  and port for inbound trafﬁc, trafﬁc load
balancing, DNS name, and so on.
Namespace:  A logical way to create isolation between dif ferent ap -
plications deployed on top of the same Kubernetes cluster .
Here is a sample Kubernetes architecture diagram showing how each of the
components integrates as part of the larger architecture:

Figure 3.2 – Kubernetes architecture diagram
In the next couple of sections, we will review best practices for securing
Kubernetes from dif ferent angles (from identity and access management,
network access, auditing and monitoring, and ﬁnally , compliance).
General best practices for Kubernetes
Regardless of the cloud provider you are using when using Kubernetes, you
should follow these best practices:
For highly sensitive environments, use Kubernetes worker nodes from a
VM family that supports conﬁdential computing capabilities, to protect
data in use (as explained in Chapter 1 1)
Create custom container images, and use a minimal number of packages
inside the container image, to lower the attack surface
Sign your container images using your private key , and check the signa -
ture before using a container image, as part of the deployment process, to
verify its source
Use container images from a trusted source, and store them in a private
container image registry (note: most CSPs of fer a managed container
registry service)
Scan your container images for vulnerabilities in libraries and binaries
and update your images regularly
Always run applications inside Kubernetes pods using a non-root user , to
avoid potential breaches to your Kubernetes environment, such as taking
full control over a speciﬁc pod, other running pods on the same cluster ,
or even interfering with the worker node itself
Now , let us see the best practices to use Kubernetes in Amazon, Azure, and
Google in particular .
Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
EKS  is the Amazon-managed Kubernetes orchestration service.
Read thorough documentation on security in Amazon EKS, which can be
found here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/security .html .
Use the following best practices for security in Amazon EKS:
To create an isolated execution environment, protecting the Kubernetes
environment, use AWS Nitro Enclaves with Amazon EKS, as document -
ed here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/enclaves/latest/user/kuber -
netes.html .
Amazon EKS integrates with Amazon Elastic Container  Registry
(ECR ) for retrieving container images. To protect the use of Amazon
ECR, follow these best practices: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Amazon -
ECR/latest/user guide/security .html .
Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
AKS  is the Azure-managed Kubernetes orchestration service.
Read thorough documentation on security in Azure AKS, which can be
found here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/security/benchmark/azure/baselines/azure-kubernetes-service-aks-securi -
ty-baseline .
Use the following best practices for security in Azure AKS:
To create an isolated execution environment, protecting the Kubernetes
environment, use Conﬁdential Containers with AKS, as documented
here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/conﬁdential-contain -
ers-overview .
Azure AKS integrates with Azure Container Registry for retrieving con -
tainer images. To protect the use of Azure Container Registry , follow
these best practices: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/security/bench -
mark/azure/baselines/container -registry-security-baseline .
Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)
GKE  is the Google-managed Kubernetes orchestration service.
Read thorough documentation on security in GKE, which can be found
here: https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/security-
overview .
Use the following best practices for security in GKE:
To create an isolated execution environment, protecting the Kubernetes
environment, encrypt workload data in use with Conﬁdential Google
Kubernetes Engine Nodes , as documented here: https://cloud.google. -
com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/conﬁdential-gke-nodes .
GKE integrates with Google Artifact Registry  for retrieving container
images. To protect the use of Google Artifact Registry , follow these best
practices: https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/protect-
artifacts .
Binary Authorization  is a GCP  capability that allows customers to
make sure that container images are retrieved from trusted sources. GKE
has built-in integration with Binary Authorization. Conﬁgure a Binary
Authorization policy with GKE to govern the deployment of container
images, as explained here: https://cloud.google.com/binary-
authorization/docs/conﬁgure-policy-gke .
In this section, we reviewed high-level references to learn about the security
of Amazon EKS, AKS, and GKE.
Best practices for identity and access
management in Kubernetes
There are many aspects to review when talking about identity and access
management in Kubernetes, including the following, among others:
Authentication:  The act of identifying against the Kubernetes API
server , to take actions (such as read cluster conﬁguration, add a worker
node, deploy a new application, and more)
Authorization:  The act of validating an identity’ s permissions against
the Kubernetes built-in role-based access control (the permissions deﬁne
what type of actions an identity can take, such as deploying a new appli -
cation, exposing an application to external customers, and more)
Permission of Pods:  Pods can have several types of access permissions:
access to the Kubernetes API server (for example, for reading the
amount of required CPU/memory for each pod), permissions to access
other pods on the same cluster (such as dif ferent microservices part of
the same application), and access to other resources on the CSPs ecosys -
tem (for example, a pod consuming information from storage services),
and more
Kubernetes supports the following types of identities:
User  identity:  Although Kubernetes does not manage user objects , it al -
lows you to connect the Kubernetes cluster to an external OpenID
Connect  (OIDC ) provider (such as Amazon Cognito , Micr osoft Entra
ID, Google Identity Platform , etc.) and allows conﬁguring permissions
(i.e., role-based access control) to the Kubernetes cluster
Service account:  An identity created and managed locally by the
Kubernetes cluster , to allow pods access to the Kubernetes API server
(for actions such as querying for resources, updating conﬁguration, etc.),
and for enforcing which pod can take which actions (i.e., implementing
the principle of least privilege)
Pod Identity:  –A concept extending a service account , which allows
you to assign a pod identity for each pod, to be able to gain access to the
API server (through a mapping to a service account), and to external re -
sources in the CSP  ecosystem (such as object storage, databases, mes -
sage queuing, etc.)
General best practices for securing IAM in Kubernetes (regardless of the
CSP) are as follows:
Connect the Kubernetes cluster to an external identity provider support -
ing the OIDC protocol, for central identity and access management.
Once you complete connecting to the external OIDC provider , you will
be able to grant permissions for identities (from human identities to ser -
vice accounts/application accounts) from the central identity provider .
Kubernetes has a built-in RBAC mechanism for controlling permissions
to the cluster resources. When deploying a Kubernetes cluster as a man -
aged service (in AWS, Azure, or GCP), each of the CSPs allow you to
connect their identity and access management mechanisms to the
Kubernetes RBAC, which allows you to set strict permissions to identi -
ties from your central identity provider .
Create a unique service account for each namespace (instead of the de -
fault service account), and limit the privileges assigned to the newly cre -
ated service account according to the application requirements (such as
getting access to required resources, list services, etc.)
Create a unique identity for every newly created Kubernetes cluster and
application (also known as pod identity). Follow the principle of least
privilege when granting permissions for pods to access resources in the
CSP’ s ecosystem.
Secrets (such as API keys or database credentials) are a common way to
authenticate pods against other resources or applications. In case secrets
leak, they will grant the person who holds them permission to access re -
sources (such as other pods, other resources in the cloud environment, or
on-premises). Avoid storing secrets as part of code or conﬁguration ﬁles
to decrease the chance of unauthorized access. Instead, use a managed
vault service for the storage, retrieval, and rotation of secrets.
Kubernetes supports a provider for the Secrets Store CSI Driver for con -
necting to managed vault services (as explained in Chapter 5 ).
Let us see how IAM security best practices work in EKS, AKS, and GKE.
Amazon EKS
AWS IAM is the supported service for managing permissions to access and
run containers through Amazon EKS (as explained in Chapter 9 ).
Read thorough documentation of Amazon EKS and identity management,
which can be found at the following links:
1. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/security-iam.html
2. https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/security/docs/iam/
Use the following best practices for authentication and authorization in
Amazon EKS:
Grant minimal IAM permissions for accessing and managing Amazon
EKS, to avoid unauthorized access to the Kubernetes cluster , as ex -
plained here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/securi -
ty_iam_id-based-policy-examples.html .
Use EKS Pod Identities  to allow pods with minimal permissions to ac -
cess resources in the AWS ecosystem, to avoid unauthorized access to
AWS resources, as explained here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/lat -
est/user guide/pod-identities.html .
Store your container images inside Amazon ECR  and grant minimal
IAM permissions for accessing and managing Amazon ECR, to enforce
the use of or ganization-trusted container image source: https://doc -
s.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/user guide/ECR_on_EKS.html .
The content of a container image (such as application code) might be
considered sensitive information (intellectual property). For sensitive en -
vironments, encrypt your container images inside Amazon ECR  using
CMK management (as explained in Chapter 1 1), as mentioned in the fol -
lowing documentation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/user guide/encryption-
at-rest.html .
Use AWS Secr ets Manager  or AWS Systems Manager  Parameter
Store for storing, retrieving, and rotating secrets. Amazon allows you to
integrate EKS with services such as AWS Secrets Manager using a
Kubernetes Secrets Store CSI Driver , to avoid unauthorized access to
static credentials, as explained here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/se -
cretsmanager/latest/user guide/integrating_csi_driver .html .
Azure AKS
Micr osoft Entra ID  is the supported service for managing permissions to
access and run containers through AKS (as explained in Chapter 9 ).
Read thorough documentation of AKS and identity management, which can
be found at the following links:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/concepts-identity
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/operator -best-practices-
identity
Use the following best practices for authentication and authorization in
AKS:
Integrate the AKS cluster with Micr osoft Entra ID  for central identity
management (both for managing the AKS cluster and for pod identities
to access resources in Azure), as explained here: https://learn.microsoft. -
com/en-us/azure/aks/enable-authentication-microsoft-entra-id
Use Micr osoft Entra r ole-based access contr ol (RBAC ) for
Kubernetes authorization, to avoid unauthorized access to the
Kubernetes cluster , and grant minimal permissions for accessing and
managing AKS, as explained here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/azure/aks/manage-azure-rbac
Use Micr osoft Entra Workload ID  with AKS, and grant minimal per -
missions to allow AKS pods access to Azure resources, to avoid unau -
thorized access to Azure resources: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/azure/aks/workload-identity-overview
Use Azur e Key Vault for the storage, retrieval, and rotation of secrets.
Azure allows you to integrate AKS with Azure Key Vault using a
Kubernetes Secrets Store CSI Driver , to avoid unauthorized access to
static credentials, as explained here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/azure/aks/csi-secrets-store-driver
Store your container images inside Azur e Container  Registry  (ACR )
and grant minimal permissions for accessing and managing Azure ACR,
explained at the following link: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/azure/container -registry/container -registry-roles
Use Micr osoft Entra ID managed identity  to authenticate from AKS to
ACR to pull new container images, as explained here: https://learn.mi -
crosoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster -container -registry-integration
For sensitive environments, encrypt your container images inside ACR
using customer -managed keys stored inside Azur e Key Vault (as ex -
plained in Chapter 1 1), as mentioned here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -registry/tutorial-en -
able-customer -managed-keys
GKE
Google Cloud IAM  is the supported service for managing permissions to
access and run containers through GKE (as explained in Chapter 9 ).
Read thorough documentation of GKE and identity management, which can
be found at the following links:
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/iam
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/hardening-
your-cluster
Use the following best practices for authentication and authorization in
GKE:
Use GKE RBAC and grant minimal permissions for accessing and man -
aging GKE, to avoid unauthorized access to the Kubernetes cluster , as
explained here: https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/best-
practices/rbac .
Use Workload Identity Federation  for GKE, and grant minimal per -
missions to allow GKE pods access to GCP  resources, to avoid unautho -
rized access to GCP  resources, as explained here: https://cloud.google. -
com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity .
Use the Google IAM r ecommender  to set the minimal permissions for
your GKE cluster , as explained here: https://cloud.google.com/policy-in -
telligence/docs/role-recommendations-overview .
Use Google Secr et Manager  for the storage, retrieval, and rotation of
secrets. GCP  allows you to integrate GKE with Google Secret Manager
using client libraries to avoid unauthorized access to static credentials, as
explained here: https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/tutori -
als/workload-identity-secrets .
Store your container images inside Google Artifact Registry  and grant
minimal permissions for accessing and managing Artifact Registry , as
explained here: https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/access-
control .
For sensitive environments, encrypt your container images inside
Google Artifact Registry  using customer -managed keys stored inside
Google Cloud KMS  (as explained in Chapter 1 1), as mentioned here:
https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/cmek .
In this section, we reviewed security best practices for IAM in Kubernetes.
Now , let’s see how we can secure network access to it.
Best practices for data protection in
Kubernetes
There are many aspects to review when talking about data protection in
Kubernetes. Here are some of them:
External access to the Kubernetes API server , which may allow taking
full control of a Kubernetes cluster
Communication between the API server and the pods, which may allow
unauthorized network access to the Kubernetes cluster from a compro -
mised pod
Pod-to-pod communication, which may allow unauthorized trafﬁc be -
tween dif ferent pods within the same Kubernetes cluster from a compro -
mised pod
Communication between pods and other resources on the CSP  ecosys -
tem, which may allow unauthorized trafﬁc from compromised pods to
other resources in the cloud ecosystem.
Best practices for network access in Kubernetes are as follows:
When deploying a Kubernetes cluster , create a private mode  to decrease
the attack surface on the Kubernetes cluster . Private mode means that all
trafﬁc to the Kubernetes API server must be done from authorized and
private IP addresses.
When deploying a Kubernetes cluster , deploy the worker nodes in a pri -
vate subnet and the pods into another private subnet, segregated via a
network access control list, to restrict access to the control plane of the
Kubernetes, and avoid unauthorized access from a pod to the Kubernetes
cluster itself.
Kubernetes allows you to enforce restrictions on pods, such as access
from pod to storage service, restrict the ability to use a privileged ac -
count (i.e., Root) inside a running pod, and more. The restrictions are
called Pod Security Admission , and they are been enforced using a
component of Kubernetes called Pod Security Admission Contr oller .
Pod security supports Privileged  proﬁles (completely unrestricted),
Baseline  proﬁles (minimal restriction, suitable for development environ -
ments), and Restricted  proﬁles (fully restricted, recommended for sensi -
tive or critical production applications). As best practice, conﬁgure the
Restricted  proﬁle for production applications. For more information, vis -
it the following links:
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission/
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards/
etcd contains the Kubernetes cluster conﬁguration (current state, how
many running pods, the desired number of running pods, pod locations,
and more), and as such, it must be protected to avoid unauthorized ac -
cess. Encrypt etcd at rest, as explained here:
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer -cluster/encrypt-data/ .
Encrypt all trafﬁc to the Kubernetes cluster and within the Kubernetes
cluster using the TLS protocol and using your own TLS certiﬁcates, to
keep data conﬁdentiality in transit within the Kubernetes cluster .
Use an ingress controller to restrict inbound access to the Kubernetes
cluster , to restrict access to speciﬁc applications deployed as part of
Kubernetes services from known IP addresses.
To restrict access to the Kubernetes cluster and within the Kubernetes
cluster (at layer 3 and layer 4 of the OSI model), conﬁgure network poli -
cies, which are network ﬁltering rules allowing restricted access to re -
sources from known IP  addresses (or from known pods) at the network
layer (i.e., source, destination, and port).
To restrict access to the Kubernetes cluster and within the Kubernetes
cluster (at layer 7 of the OSI model), use a service mesh solution, which
allows you to restrict access to resources (such as pods), at the applica -
tion layer (i.e., source, destination, and URL  to a speciﬁc version of the
application).
To protect the Kubernetes cluster and the worker nodes from vulnerabili -
ties, regularly update all components to the latest stable version (note:
conduct tests to make sure new versions do not break the cluster or the
applications).
Let us see how network-related security best practices work in EKS, AKS,
and GKE.
Amazon EKS
In this section, we will review how to implement data protection for the
EKS cluster and the pods deployed on top of the worker nodes (from net -
work aspects, and data encryption).
Read thorough documentation of Amazon EKS and network access, which
can be found at the following links:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/eks-networking.html
https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/security/docs/network/
To implement data protection in Amazon EKS, use the following best
practices:
Deploy EKS as a private cluster to restrict unauthorized network access
to your EKS cluster , as explained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/private-clusters.html .
Use VPC security groups to restrict network access to the Kubernetes
API server , as mentioned here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/sec-group-reqs.html .
Use the Amazon VPC CNI plugin  to conﬁgure security groups for re -
stricting access between pods by setting network policies (at layers 3 and
4 of the OSI model), and avoid unauthorized network access to your
pods: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/managing-vpc-
cni.html .
To restrict access between pods (at layer 7 of the OSI model) and avoid
unauthorized network access to your pods, use Istio , as follows:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/using-istio-trafﬁc-manage -
ment-to-enhance-user -experience/ .
Kubernetes ingress controller supports multiple ways to restrict inbound
access to the Kubernetes cluster . One alternative is to use the AWS Load
Balancer  Contr oller , as explained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/aws-load-balancer -
controller .html .
To keep the trafﬁc between the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud
(Amazon VPC ) and the Amazon EKS private (i.e., within AWS back -
bone), create an interface VPC endpoint, and avoid unauthorized net -
work access to your EKS cluster , as explained here: https://docs.aws.a -
mazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/vpc-interface-endpoints.html .
Encrypt all EKS worker nodes volumes at rest (including etcd) to protect
the conﬁguration of the Kubernetes cluster , as explained here:
https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/security/docs/data/ .
Encrypt all inbound trafﬁc to the Kubernetes cluster using the TLS pro -
tocol to protect data conﬁdentiality . For highly sensitive environments,
encrypt trafﬁc between pods using mutual TLS  (mTLS ), as explained
here: https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-
practices/security/docs/network/ .
AKS
In this section, we will review how to implement data protection for the
AKS cluster and the pods deployed on top of the worker nodes (from net -
work aspects and data encryption).
Read thorough documentation of AKS and network access, which can be
found at the following links:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/concepts-network
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/operator -best-practices-
network
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/operator -best-practices-clus -
ter-isolation
To implement data protection of AKS, use the following best practices:
Deploy AKS as a private cluster to restrict unauthorized network access
to your AKS cluster , as explained here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/azure/aks/private-clusters .
Use the Azur e CNI plugin  for restricting access between pods by set -
ting network policies (at layers 3 and 4 of the OSI model), and avoid
unauthorized network access to your pods:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/azure-cni-overview .
To restrict access between pods (at layer 7 of the OSI model), use the
Open Service Mesh  (OSM ) add-on, and avoid unauthorized network
access to your pods, as explained here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/azure/aks/open-service-mesh-about .
Kubernetes ingress controller supports multiple ways to restrict inbound
access to the Kubernetes cluster . One alternative is to use the
Application Gateway Ingr ess Contr oller  (AGIC ) add-on to restrict in -
bound access to the AKS cluster , as explained here: https://learn.mi -
crosoft.com/en-us/azure/application-gateway/tutorial-ingress-controller -
add-on-existing .
To keep the trafﬁc between the Azure VNet and the Azure AKS private
(i.e., within the Azure backbone), create a private endpoint and avoid
unauthorized network access to your AKS cluster , as explained here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/private-clusters?tabs=azure-
portal#use-a-private-endpoint-connection .
Encrypt all AKS worker nodes volumes at rest (including etcd) to protect
the conﬁguration of the Kubernetes cluster , as explained here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-kms-etcd-encryption .
Encrypt all inbound trafﬁc to the Kubernetes cluster using the TLS pro -
tocol to protect data conﬁdentiality . For highly sensitive environments,
encrypt trafﬁc between pods using mTLS, as explained here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/ingress-tls
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/application-gateway/for -con-
tainers/how-to-backend-mtls-gateway-api
GKE
In this section, we will review how to implement data protection for the
GKE cluster and the pods deployed on top of the worker nodes (from net -
work aspects and data encryption).
To implement data protection of GKE, use the following best practices:
Deploy GKE as a private cluster to restrict unauthorized network access
to your GKE cluster , as explained here: https://cloud.google.com/kuber -
netes-engine/docs/how-to/private-clusters .
Use GKE Dataplane V2 to restrict access between pods, and avoid
unauthorized network access to your pods: https://cloud.google.com/ku -
bernetes-engine/docs/how-to/dataplane-v2 .
To restrict access between pods (at layer 7 of the OSI model), use Cloud
Service Mesh  and avoid unauthorized network access to your pods:
https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs/onboarding/provision-con -
trol-plane .
Kubernetes ingress controller supports multiple ways to restrict inbound
access to the Kubernetes cluster . One alternative is to use the GKE
Gateway contr oller  to restrict inbound access to the GKE cluster:
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/gateway-api .
Encrypt all GKE worker nodes volumes at rest (including etcd) to pro -
tect the conﬁguration of the Kubernetes cluster , as explained here:
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/encrypting-
secrets .
Encrypt all inbound trafﬁc to the Kubernetes cluster using the TLS pro -
tocol to protect data conﬁdentiality . For highly sensitive environments,
encrypt trafﬁc between pods using mTLS, as explained here:
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/enable-in -
ter-node-transparent-encryption
https://cloud.google.com/service-mesh/docs/security/conﬁguring-mtls
Now that we have reviewed security best practices for data protection, let us
learn about auditing and monitoring in Kubernetes.
Best practices for auditing and security
monitoring in Kubernetes
Auditing  is a crucial part of data protection. There are many aspects to re -
view when talking about auditing and security monitoring in Kubernetes,
including the following:
Kubernetes contr ol plane logs : These contain information about
Kubernetes’  internal activity (such as API server , controller manager ,
scheduler , etc.)
Kubernetes cluster  admin activity : This contains information about
cluster maintenance activity (such as cluster health, resource allocation,
workload management, etc.)
Abnormal Pod activity : This contains information such as pod eviction
due to worker node low disk space, unauthorized admin activity attempt,
violation of Kubernetes security policy , and so on.
Follow these best practices for auditing and monitoring in Kubernetes:
Although admin activity is automatically audited by the CSPs, its log
history is limited. As best practice, send all audit and monitoring logs to
a logging service for further analysis, incident response, and to comply
with various regulations.
Enable Kubernetes audit logs to capture all activity conducted on
Kubernetes (who did what, and when), and integrate Kubernetes audit
logs with the CSP  built-in auditing services to be able to centrally collect
logs, conﬁgure alerts on abnormal behavior (such as cluster changes in
the middle of the night), and for incident response purpose. For more in -
formation, visit the following link: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/de -
bug/debug-cluster/audit/ .
Add a threat detection solution to review Kubernetes logs, detect mali -
cious activity (such as an attempt to run a pod with the context of a Root
account, or an attempt to run Bitcoin mining within the context of a
pod), and generate prioritized follow-up actions.
Now , let us check the speciﬁc best practices for auditing and monitoring in
managed Kubernetes based on EKS, AKS, and GKE.
Amazon EKS
AWS allows you to enable logging and auditing using two built-in services:
Amazon CloudW atch: A service that allows you to log EKS cluster ac -
tivities and raise an alarm according to predeﬁned thresholds (for exam -
ple, low memory resources or high CPU, which requires up-scaling your
EKS cluster)
AWS CloudT rail: A service that allows you to monitor API activities
(basically , any action performed on the EKS cluster)
In this section, we will review the capabilities of fered by AWS to audit and
monitor EKS activity .
Read thorough documentation of EKS and auditing/monitoring, which can
be found at the following links:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/eks-observe.html
https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-practices/security/docs/detective/
For auditing and monitoring of Amazon EKS, use the following best
practices:
Enable the Amazon EKS control plane when logging in to Amazon
CloudW atch. It allows you to log API calls, audit, and authentication in -
formation from your EKS cluster , for further investigation and analysis
of Kubernetes cluster activity , as explained here: https://docs.aws.ama -
zon.com/eks/latest/user guide/control-plane-logs.html .
AWS CloudT rail is enabled by default for Amazon EKS. To keep EKS
API activity for longer than 90 days for further investigation and analy -
sis, send CloudT rail logs to an Amazon S3 bucket, as explained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/service-name-info-in-
cloudtrail.html .
Enable Amazon CloudW atch Container  Insights  to collect informa -
tion about the EKS activity for further investigation and troubleshooting,
as explained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudW atch/latest/monitoring/de -
ploy-container -insights-EKS.html .
Use Amazon Managed Service for  Prometheus  for collecting EKS
metric data for further EKS cluster behavior monitoring, as explained
here: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/imple -
menting-logging-monitoring-cloudwatch/prometheus-monitoring-
eks.html .
Use GuardDuty Runtime Monitoring  to detect threats in workloads
running on top of Amazon EKS:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/eks-runtime-monitor -
ing-conﬁguration.html .
AKS
Azure allows you to enable logging and auditing using Azur e Monitor  for
containers – a service that allows you to log container -related activities and
raise an alarm according to predeﬁned thresholds (for example, low memo -
ry resources or high CPU, which requires up-scaling your container
environment).
In this section, we will review the capabilities of fered by Azure to audit and
monitor AKS activity .
For auditing and monitoring of AKS, use the following best practices:
Thorough documentation of AKS and auditing/monitoring can be found
at the following links:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/containers/ku -
bernetes-monitoring-enable
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/best-practices-
containers
Enable diagnostic settings for AKS, and send all logs to a Log Analytics
workspace for further investigation and analysis of Kubernetes cluster
activity , as explained here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/azure/aks/monitor -aks
Use Azur e Monitor  Container  Insights  to collect and analyze AKS
logs: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-
monitor/containers/container -insights-overview
Use Azur e Monitor  managed service for  Prometheus  for collecting
AKS metric data for further AKS cluster behavior monitoring, as ex -
plained here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/es -
sentials/prometheus-metrics-overview
Use Micr osoft Defender  for Containers  for vulnerability assessment
and real-time threat protection on AKS workloads, as explained here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/defender -for-cloud/defender -for-
containers-introduction
GKE
As with any other managed service, Google allows you to enable logging
and auditing using the Google Cloud Logging service – a service that al -
lows you to audit container -related activities.
In this section, we will review the capabilities of fered by GCP  to audit and
monitor GKE activity .
For auditing and monitoring of GKE, use the following best practices:
Thorough documentation of GKE and auditing/monitoring can be found
at the following links:
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/audit-
logging
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-
engine/docs/concepts/observability
Enable logging for GKE for further investigation and analysis of
Kubernetes cluster activity , as explained here:
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/conﬁg-logging-
monitoring
For sensitive/critical environments, enable data access audit logs (actions
such as read conﬁguration, create/modify/read user -provided resource
data) for further investigation and analysis, as explained here:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit/conﬁgure-data-access
NOTE
Data access audit logs incr ease storage costs. Review the business r equir e-
ments to enable it.
Use Google Cloud Managed Service for  Prometheus  for collecting
GKE metric data for further GKE cluster behavior monitoring:
https://cloud.google.com/stackdriver/docs/managed-prometheus
Use the Google Security Command Center  to detect threats related to
containers: https://cloud.google.com/security-command-center/docs/con -
cepts-container -threat-detection-overview
In this section, we reviewed security best practices for auditing and moni -
toring in Amazon EKS, AKS, and GKE. Next, we will learn about how to
ensure compliance with Kubernetes as per standard guidelines.
Implementing secure configuration in
Kubernetes
Secure conﬁguration and compliance with or ganization and industry best
practices are important factors from a security point of view .
When talking about compliance with industry best practices, the most com -
mon standard for Kubernetes is the CIS Benchmark conﬁguration guide -
lines published here: https://www .cisecurity .org/benchmark/kubernetes .
Run the kube-bench  tool regularly to check for compliance with CIS
Benchmarks for Kubernetes, as follows:
https://github.com/aquasecurity/kube-bench .
Amazon EKS
AWS of fers various ways to check for compliance with the EKS environ -
ment against industry best practices and standards. For compliance with
EKS, use the following best practices:
Thorough documentation of EKS and compliance can be found at the
following links:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/user guide/compliance.html
https://aws.github.io/aws-eks-best-
practices/security/docs/compliance/
Use AWS Conﬁg  rules to check EKS conﬁguration (such as EKS cluster
version, whether the EKS cluster is conﬁgured as private, whether se -
crets are stored encrypted, etc.), as explained here: https://docs.aws.ama -
zon.com/conﬁg/latest/developer guide/security-best-practices-for -
EKS.html
Use Amazon Inspector  to scan for vulnerabilities in code and packages
inside Amazon Container Registry , before being deployed to EKS:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/inspector/latest/user/scanning-ecr .html
Use AWS Security Hub  to check for compliance of the EKS cluster
against industry standards (such as the NIST  800-53 standard), as ex -
plained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/user guide/eks-
controls.html
AKS
Azure of fers various ways to check for compliance with the AKS environ -
ment against industry best practices and standards. For compliance with
AKS, use the following best practices:
Use Micr osoft Defender  for Cloud  to check for compliance against
standards and regulations (such as the CIS Benchmarks), as explained
here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/defender -for-cloud/update-
regulatory-compliance-packages
Information about the Center  for Internet Security  (CIS) Kubernetes
benchmark and AKS can be found here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/azure/aks/cis-kubernetes
GKE
Google offers various ways to check for compliance with the GKE environ -
ment against industry best practices and standards. For compliance with
GKE, use the following best practices:
Use the GKE Compliance dashboard  to check for compliance against
the CIS Benchmarks, as explained here: https://cloud.google.com/kuber -
netes-engine/ﬂeet-management/docs/about-compliance-dashboard
Information about the CIS Kubernetes benchmark and GKE can be
found here: https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-
engine/docs/concepts/cis-benchmarks
In this section, we have learned how to securely maintain Kubernetes, based
on AWS, Azure, and GCP  infrastructure – from IAM to data protection, au -
diting, and security compliance against industry best practices. Next, let’ s
see how we can secure non-Kubernetes workloads.
Securing non-Kubernetes workloads
In the previous section, we talked about Kubernetes workloads and how to
secure managed Kubernetes services on top of AWS, Azure, and GCP .
Kubernetes is not the only container orchestrator , and each of the hyper -
scale cloud providers of fers other container orchestrators.
In the following section, we will discuss managed container orchestrators
from AWS, Azure, and GCP .
Securing Amazon Elastic Container
Service (ECS)
ECS  is the Amazon-managed container orchestration service.
The main components of ECS are as follows:
ECS cluster  (also known as ECS capacity)  – The main component for
running and managing containers. It can be deployed on top of the
following:
Amazon EC2 instances  – Customer needs to choose hardware re -
sources (instance type) and take care of cluster size (number of run -
ning EC2 instances)
Fargate  – A fully serverless solution, where AWS takes care of the
entire control plane maintenance (from provisioning new cluster
nodes to securing the control plane)
Amazon ECS Anywher e – Ability to run ECS on-premises
ECS task  – A logical grouping of containers. You conﬁgure task settings
using task deﬁnitions (blueprints for running tasks).
The following is a sample Amazon ECS architecture diagram:
Figure 3.3 – Amazon ECS architecture diagram
As the preceding diagram shows, a user connects to an ECS cluster  (de-
ployed on top of Amazon EC2), and within the cluster , there is an applica -
tion deployed as an ECS task , connected to a backend database .
General best practices for securing Amazon ECS
In the next couple of sections, we will review best practices for securing
Amazon ECS from dif ferent angles (from identity and access management,
network access, and ﬁnally , auditing and monitoring).
The following resources of fer comprehensive information on securing
Amazon:
Thorough documentation about the security of Amazon ECS can be
found at the following link:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/bestpracticesguide/se -
curity .html
Information about how to secure ECS tasks and container images (for
running inside an ECS task), can be found here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/bestpracticesguide/se -
curity-tasks-containers.html
Best practices for identity and access management
AWS IAM  is the supported service for managing permissions to access and
run containers through Amazon ECS (as explained in Chapter 9 ).
Use the following best practices for authentication and authorization in
Amazon ECS:
Thorough documentation of Amazon ECS and identity management can
be found at the following link:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developer guide/securi -
ty-iam.html
Grant minimal IAM permissions for managing Amazon ECS, to avoid
unauthorized access to your cloud environment, as explained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/bestpracticesguide/se -
curity-iam.html .
Grant minimal IAM permissions for the Amazon ECS service (for run -
ning tasks, accessing S3 buckets, monitoring using CloudW atch Events,
and so on), to avoid unauthorized access to AWS resources, as follows:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/bestpracticesguide/se -
curity-iam-roles.html .
Store your container images inside Amazon ECR and grant minimal
IAM permissions for accessing and managing Amazon ECR, to avoid
unauthorized access to your private container repository and use of con -
tainer images from untrusted sources, as explained here: https://doc -
s.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/user guide/ECR_on_ECS.html .
For sensitive environments, encrypt your container images inside
Amazon ECR using CMK management (as explained in Chapter 1 1),
keeping container image content conﬁdential, as explained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/user guide/encryption-
at-rest.html .
Secrets (such as API keys or database credentials) are a common way to
authenticate ECS tasks against other resources or applications. Avoid
storing secrets as part of code or conﬁguration ﬁles; instead, use services
such as AWS Secr ets Manager  or AWS Systems Manager  Parameter
Store for storing, retrieving, and rotating secrets, to avoid unauthorized
access to static credentials, as explained here: https://docs.aws.amazon. -
com/AmazonECS/latest/bestpracticesguide/security-secrets-
management.html .
Enforce the use of encryption in transit (i.e., the use of the TLS protocol)
by integrating Amazon ECS with Amazon ECS Service Connect  to
keep trafﬁc conﬁdentiality , as explained here: https://docs.aws.amazon. -
com/AmazonECS/latest/developer guide/service-connect-tls.html .
Use VPC security groups to allow access from your VPC to the Amazon
ECS VPC endpoint , and avoid unauthorized network access:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developer guide/get-
set-up-for -amazon-ecs.html#create-a-base-security-group .
To keep the trafﬁc between Amazon VPC and Amazon ECS private (i.e.,
within the AWS backbone), create an interface VPC endpoint:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developer guide/vpc-
endpoints.html .
Use AWS Systems Manager  to remotely connect and maintain ECS
container instances for secure maintenance access, as explained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developer guide/ec2-
run-command.html .
Best practices for conducting auditing and security
monitoring in Amazon ECS
As with any other managed service, AWS allows you to enable logging and
auditing using two built-in services:
Amazon CloudW atch: A service that allows you to log containers’  ac-
tivities and raise an alarm according to predeﬁned thresholds (for exam -
ple, low memory resources or high CPU, which requires up-scaling your
ECS cluster)
AWS CloudT rail: A service that allows you to monitor API activities
(basically , any action performed on the ECS cluster)
Use the following best practices for auditing, monitoring, and threat man -
agement of Amazon ECS activity:
Enable Amazon CloudW atch alarms for high-performance usage (which
may indicate an anomaly in the ECS cluster behavior), as explained here:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudW atch/latest/monitoring/Bes
t_Practice_Recommended_Alarms_A WS_Services.html#ECS .
Send ECS container logs to Amazon CloudW atch logs , for further in -
vestigation and troubleshooting: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Amazon -
ECS/latest/developer guide/using_awslogs.html .
Enable Amazon CloudW atch Container  Insights  to collect informa -
tion about the ECS activity for further investigation and troubleshooting,
as follows:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudW atch/latest/monitoring/de -
ploy-container -insights-ECS-cluster .html .
AWS CloudT rail is enabled by default for Amazon ECS. To keep ECS
API activity for longer than 90 days for further investigation and analy -
sis, send CloudT rail logs to an Amazon S3 bucket. For more information
about ECS and CloudT rail logs, see the following: https://docs.aws.ama -
zon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developer guide/logging-using-
cloudtrail.html .
Use GuardDuty Runtime Monitoring  to detect threats in workloads
running on top of Amazon ECS, as explained here: https://docs.aws.ama -
zon.com/guardduty/latest/ug/runtime-monitoring.html .
In this section, we have learned how to securely maintain Amazon ECS,
based on AWS infrastructure – from identity and access management, se -
curing network and remote access, to logging and auditing. Next, let us see
how we can secure Azure Container Apps.
Securing Azure Container Apps
Container  Apps  is an Azure-managed serverless container orchestration
service, based on Kubernetes technology . It can integrate with other Azure
services, such as ACR for storing containers, Microsoft Entra ID for manag -
ing permissions, Azure Files for persistent storage, and Azure Monitor .
General best practices for securing Azure Container
Apps
Since Azure Container Apps is a new service (announced in September
2023), its documentation by Microsoft is still a work in progress.
Follow the Azure security best practices for Container Apps, as explained
here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/security/benchmark/azure/baselines/azure-container -apps-security-
baseline .
Best practices for identity and access management in
Azure Container Apps
Micr osoft Entra ID  is the supported service for managing permissions to
access and run containers through Azure Container Apps (as explained in
Chapter 9 ).
Use the following best practices for authentication and authorization in
Azure Container Apps:
Thorough documentation of Azure Container Apps and identity manage -
ment can be found at the following link:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -apps/authentication
For internal applications, enable Micr osoft Entra ID  for all container
apps to allow internal user authentication using Microsoft Entra ID, as
explained here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -
apps/authentication-azure-active-directory#-enable-microsoft-entra-id-
in-your -container -app
To avoid unauthorized access to Container Apps for internal ap -
plications, require authentication for any request to access an application
based on container apps, as follows: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/azure/container -apps/authentication#authorization
For internal applications, restrict access to end users based on their busi -
ness needs to avoid unauthorized access: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/entra/identity-platform/howto-restrict-your -app-to-a-set-of-users
For internal applications, enforce authorization using RBAC to avoid
unauthorized access to your cloud environment: https://learn.microsoft. -
com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/howto-implement-rbac-for -apps
For an external application that contains non-public information, enforce
authentication and authorization using OIDC to avoid unauthorized ac-
cess: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -apps/authentica -
tion-openid
Use managed identities to allow access from Azure Container Apps to
resources in Azure, and follow the principle of least privilege when
granting access to resources to avoid unauthorized access:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -apps/managed-identity
Use managed identities to allow Azure Container Apps permissions to
pull images from ACR, to avoid unauthorized use of container images,
as explained here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -
apps/managed-identity-image-pull
For sensitive environments, encrypt your container images inside ACR
using customer -managed keys stored inside Azure Key Vault (as ex -
plained in Chapter 1 1), as mentioned here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -registry/tutorial-en -
able-customer -managed-keys
Use Azure Key Vault for the storage, retrieval, and rotation of secrets.
Azure allows you to integrate Azure Container Apps with Azure Key
Vault using Dapr to avoid unauthorized use of static credentials, as ex -
plained here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -
apps/manage-secrets
Best practices for data protection in Azure
Container Apps
To implement data protection in Azure Container Apps, use the following
best practices:
Thorough documentation of Azure Container Apps and networking can
be found at the following link:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -apps/networking
For production applications, select the Workload pr oﬁle environment
type to secure outbound trafﬁc (using the ﬁrewall capability) and enforce
environment isolation (i.e., dedicated hardware and single tenant), as fol-
lows: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -
apps/environment#types
Conﬁgure user-deﬁned r outes  (UDRs ) to restrict outbound trafﬁc from
Azure Container Apps using Azure Firewall, as explained here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -apps/user -deﬁned-
routes
Use Network Security Gr oups  (NSGs ) to restrict access to Azure
Container Apps and avoid unauthorized network access: https://learn.mi -
crosoft.com/en-us/azure/container -apps/ﬁrewall-integration?tabs=work -
load-proﬁles
Enforce trafﬁc encryption using the TLS protocol to protect trafﬁc conﬁ -
dentiality: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -
apps/ingress-overview
For internal applications, conﬁgure ingress to accept trafﬁc from within
your container app’ s environment to avoid unauthorized network access:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container -apps/ingress-how-to
To limit access to internal applications from speciﬁc IPs, use IP  ingress
restrictions to avoid unauthorized network access: https://learn.mi -
crosoft.com/en-us/azure/container -apps/ip-restrictions
To protect inbound trafﬁc to Azure Container Apps from the public inter -
net, use the Web Application Fir ewall on Application Gateway  to pro -
tect against application layer attacks: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-
us/azure/container -apps/waf-app-gateway
Best practices for conducting auditing and
monitoring in Azure Container Apps
Azure allows you to enable logging and auditing using Azure Monitor . For
the auditing and monitoring of Azure Container Apps, enable diagnostic set -
tings for Azure Container Apps for further investigation and analysis and
send all logs (speciﬁcally system logs, which contain authentication activi -
ties) to a Log Analytics workspace, as explained here: https://learn.mi -
crosoft.com/en-us/azure/container -apps/log-options .
In this section, we have learned how to securely maintain Azure Container
Apps, based on Azure infrastructure – from identity and access manage -
ment, securing the network, to logging and auditing. Finally , let us learn
how to secure Google Cloud Run.
Securing Google Cloud Run
Cloud Run  is a Google-managed serverless container orchestration service.
It can integrate with other GCP  services, such as Artifact Registry  for re -
trieving containers, Google Cloud IAM  for managing permissions, Google
Firestor e for persistent database storage, and more.
General best practices for securing Google Cloud
Run
Follow GCP  security best practices for Cloud Run:
Thorough documentation of security in Google Cloud Run can be found
at the following links:
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/securing/security
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/tutorials/secure-services
Use Google Binary Authorization  to deploy container images from a
signed and trusted source, as explained here:
https://cloud.google.com/binary-authorization/docs/run/overview
For sensitive environments, encrypt your container images using cus -
tomer -managed encryption keys (as explained in Chapter 1 1), keeping
container image content conﬁdential, as follows: https://cloud.google. -
com/run/docs/securing/using-cmek
Best practices for identity and access management in
Google Cloud Run
Google Cloud IAM is the supported service for managing permissions to
access and run containers using Google Cloud Run (as explained in Chapter
9).
Use the following best practices for authentication in Google Cloud Run:
Thorough documentation of Google Cloud Run and identity manage -
ment can be found at the following links:
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/authenticating/overview
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/securing/managing-access
To allow access to Google Cloud Run, conﬁgure an IAM role to enforce
permissions to avoid unauthorized access to your cloud environment,
following the principle of least privilege, as explained here:
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/reference/iam/roles
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/reference/iam/permissions
For internal users who need access to Google Cloud Run, use the
Identity-A ware proxy to authenticate the end users to avoid unautho -
rized access, as explained here: https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/en -
abling-cloud-run
For an external application that contains non-public information, enforce
authentication using Identity Platform  to avoid unauthorized access:
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/tutorials/identity-platform
For each application, create a unique Cloud Run service identity , follow -
ing the principle of least privilege, to avoid unauthorized access, as ex -
plained at the following links:
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/securing/service-identity#per -ser-
vice-identity
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/conﬁguring/jobs/service-identity
Use Google Secr et Manager  for the storage, retrieval, and rotation of
secrets. GCP  allows you to integrate Google Cloud Run with Google
Secret Manager using client libraries, and avoid unauthorized access to
static credentials: https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/conﬁguring/jobs/se -
crets
Best practices for securing network access to Google
Cloud Run
Google Cloud Run exposes services (among others, to the internet) – for
that reason, it is important to plan before deploying each Google Cloud Run
connected to Google Cloud VPC (as explained in Chapter 6 ).
Follow these best practices to secure network access to Google Cloud Run:
To protect Google Cloud Run inbound access, and avoid unauthorized
network access, follow these best practices:
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/securing/ingress
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/securing/private-networking
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/conﬁguring/networking-best-
practices
To restrict access to Google Cloud Run from trusted sources and reduce
the risk of data exﬁltration, use VPC Service Contr ols, as explained
here: https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/securing/using-vpc-service-
controls
To protect inbound trafﬁc to Google Cloud Run from the public internet,
use Google Cloud Armor  to protect against application layer attacks:
https://cloud.google.com/armor/docs/integrating-cloud-armor#serverless
Best practices for conducting auditing and security
monitoring in Google Cloud Run
Google allows you to enable logging and auditing using Google Cloud au-
dit logs .
The following resources of fer comprehensive information on the best prac -
tices for auditing and monitoring Google Cloud Run:
Thorough documentation of Google Cloud Run and identity manage -
ment can be found at the following link:
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/audit-logging
To forward container logs to Google Cloud Logging  for further investi -
gation and analysis, follow this documentation:
https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/logging#container -logs
In this section, we have learned how to securely maintain Google Cloud
Run, based on GCP  infrastructure – from identity and access management,
securing the network, to logging and auditing.
Summary
In this chapter , we have focused on container orchestrator services in AWS,
Azure, and GCP .
In each section, we have reviewed how to manage identity management (for
authentication and authorization), how to implement data protection (from
access controls to networks and encryption), how to conﬁgure auditing and
logging, and ﬁnally , how to implement industry best practices.
Next, we are going to see what the best practices are for securing common
serverless/functions as a service from AWS, Azure, and GCP .