1 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
NVIDIA Academy offers courses and workshops covering  network  and compute  
technologies  for a variety  of accelerated comput ing deployments , based  on NVIDIA 
solutions . This education is developed by a winning team of training developers and 
delivered by a team of dedicated professional instructors w ho bring vast field experience 
to each course.  
 
HOW TO ORDER?  
Instructor -led courses : training@nvidia.com  | tomero@nvidia.com  
Self-paced online courses: https://academy. nvidia .com/en  
Certifications : https://academy.nvidia.com/en/certification -center/   
 
INSTRUCTOR -LED COURSES  
  
DGX SuperPOD Administration  
This course is designed to help IT professionals successfully administer all aspects of a DGX 
SuperPOD cluster including compute, storage, and networking. Learn more  
Delivery Format: Private remote / onsite training  
Target Audience : IT Professionals, Network and System Admins/Engineers  
SKU : 789-SPDIV4  
Duration : 4 sessions of up to 4 hours each | 3 -days onsite  
 
DGX POD Administration  
This course provides an overview of DGX POD components and related processes,  including the 
NVIDIA DGX H100/A100 System;  InfiniBand and ethernet networks ; tools for in -band and out -of-
band management ; NGC;  the basics of running workloads ; and specific management tools and CLI 
commands . This course includes instructions for managing vendor- specific storage per the 
architecture of your specific POD solution. Learn more  
  
 
NVIDIA ACADEMY  COURSE CATALOG  
Compute and Network Training for Data  Center Professionals  

2 
 Delivery Format: Private remote / onsite training  
Target Audience : IT Professionals, Network and System Admins/Engineers  
SKU : 789-PODIV4  
Duration : 4 sessions of up to 4 hours each | 3 -days onsite  
 
DGX H100/A100 Administration  
This course provides an overview the NVIDIA DGX H100/A100 system and tools for in -band and 
out-of-band management, NGC, the basics of running workloads, and specific management tools 
and CLI commands. In addition, this course includes content on multi -instance GPU, managing 
storage, performan ce validation, and other system management tools and concepts.  Learn more   
Delivery Format: Private remote / onsite training  
Target Audience : IT Professionals, Network and System Admins/Engineers  
SKU : 789-DGXIV4  
Duration : 4 sessions of up to 4 hours each  | 3-days onsite  
 
DGX H100/A100 Administration Public Training  
This course provides an overview of the H100/A100 System and DGX H100/A100 Stations' tools 
for in -band and out -of-band management, the basics of running workloads, specific management 
tools and CLI commands . Learn more   
Delivery Format: Public remote training   
Target Audience : IT Professionals, Network and System Admins/Engineers  
SKU and Price : 789-DGXIV 5, $1500 per seat  
Duration : 3 sessions of 4 hours 
 
NVIDIA AI Enterprise Administration Public Training  
This course covers the platform and solution overview, hardware and software architecture, 
deployment options, licensing, temporal and spatial GPU partitioning, scaling, comprehensive 
validation, management, maintenance, monitoring, and troubleshooting.  Learn more   
Delivery Format: Public remote training   
Target Audience : IT Professionals, Network and System Admins/Engineers  
SKU and Price : 789-ONAIV3 , $1500 per seat  
Duration : 3 sessions of 4  hours 
 
Base Command  Manager Administration Training  
The NVIDIA Base Command  Manager  (BCM) admin istration  course provides an overview of Base 
Command  Manager  including managing nodes and software images, monitoring devices and jobs, 
users management , and configuring workload managers. This course also covers using  Base Command 
Manager with cloud based nodes, configuring Base Command  Auto Scaler, and configuring Bright for 
use with GPUs including NVIDIA multi -instance GPUs.  Learn more   
Delivery Format: Private remote / onsite training  
Target Audience : IT Professionals, Network and System Admins/Engineers  
SKU : 723-BCAIO3  
Duration : 3 sessions of 4  hours 
  
3 
  
Cumulus Linux Professional Private Training  
In this  hands -on private  training,  you will learn about NVIDIA Cumulus  OS architecture, 
installation, configuration, operation, and management of Cumulus Linux running on NVIDIA 
switches.  Learn more  
Delivery Format : Private r emote  / onsite training  
Target Audience : IT Professionals , Network and System Admins/Engineers  
SKU : 789-CUMIV5  
Duration : 5 sessions of 4 -hours | 4-days onsite  
 
Cumulus Linux Professional Public Bootcamp  
Learn how to install, deploy, configure, and troubleshoot Cumulus -based networks. This course 
offers a perfect blend of hands -on training and theoretical education.  Learn more  
Delivery Format: Public remote training  
Target Audience: IT Professionals , Network and System Admins/Engineers  
SKU : 789-CUMBVA (APAC and Europe)  / 789 -CUMBVU  (US and Europe) , $1500 per seat   
Duration: 3 sessions of 4 -hours  
 
InfiniBand Professional Customized Training  
In this course , you will learn about InfiniBand architecture  and how to manage, monitor and 
troubleshoot your InfiniBand network . Learn more  
Delivery Format: Private remote / onsite training  
Target Audience : IT Professionals, Network and System Admins/Engineers  
SKU : 789-IBPIV4  
Duration : 4 Sessions of 4 -hours  
 
 
SELF -PACED ONLINE COURSES  
  
Platinum Membership    
This membership plan provides full access to a ll NVIDIA Academy  self-paced courses (view full 
course list  below ), and free video library access . Learn more  
SKU and Price: 789-ACPMSP , $450 Annual  
  
Introduction to AI in the Data Center
 
Explore an introduction to AI, GPU (Graphic Processing Unit)  computing, NVIDIA AI software 
architecture, and how to implement and scale AI workloads in the datacenter . Learn more  l 
4 
 Target Audience : IT Professionals , Network and System Admins/Engineers  
Price : $49 single course I $450 as part of Platinum membership  
SKU: 789-ADCCSP  
 
InfiniBand Essentials  
This self-paced course covers the fundamental first steps into the world of InfiniBand. If you are 
looking to become more familiar with InfiniBand’s benefits, uses, architecture layers, and 
management concepts, this is the best place to start.   Learn more  
Target Audience : IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price : Free course  
 
InfiniBand Professional   
This course covers the fundamentals of the InfiniBand technology from a usability point of view 
and builds on the details of the InfiniBand architecture specification . You will learn  how to install, 
configure, manage, troubleshoot, and monitor your InfiniBand network.  Learn more 
Target Audience : IT Professionals , Network and System Admins/Engineers  
Price : $250 single course I $ 450 as part of Platinum membership 
SKU: 789-IBPCSE   
 
NVIDIA AI Enterprise Administration   
In this course you will learn how to deploy and administer the NVIDIA AI Enterprise Solution in a 
VMware vSphere environment with Docker containers . Taking the NVIDIA AI Enterprise 
Administration course provides you with a competitive edge by equipping you with in -demand 
skills and knowledge required to effectively administer an AI infrastructure in enterprise settings. 
This course will empower you to navigate the complexities of AI deployments and drive successful 
outcomes in your organizatio n. Learn more  
Target Audience: IT professionals, including system administrators and DevOps, who are expected to successfully 
deploy and administer the NVIDIA AI Enterprise solution.  
Price: $ 99 single course I $450 as part of Platinum membership 
SKU: 723-NAICSP  
 
BlueField DPU Administration   
In this self -paced course, you will learn the basic concepts of BlueField DPUs as a platform for 
accelerated data center computing. Upon completion, you will be equipped with a set of 
introductory knowledge and skills that will enable you to bring -up the B lueField DPUs and begin 
using them to develop applications that accelerate your data centers services.  Learn more  
Target Audience: IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price: $ 49 single course I $450 as part of Platinum membership  
SKU: 723-BFDCSP  
  
5 
  
Introduction to Networking   
In this course we will cover the basics of networking, introduce some of the most used TCP/IP 
protocols and cover the fundamentals of an Ethernet network. In addition, you’ll be equipped with 
the basic knowledge to understand the main data center requirements and how they can be 
fulfilled . Learn more  
Target Audience: IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price: Free course  
 
Network Administration with NVIDIA ONYX Switch System  
This course provides the required set of skills to configure and manage NVIDIA  ethernet switch 
systems. You will learn in depth layer 2 configuration s such as VLAN, STP, LAG and MLAG,  as well 
as how to configure layer 3 features such as BGP . Learn more  
Target Audience : IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price : $99 single course I $450 as part of Platinum membership 
SKU: 789-ONXCSP   
 Introduction to Bright Cluster Manager 
 
This course is based on NVIDIA Bright Cluster Manager and gives an overview of the usage and 
components of the software.  In addition, it gives a step -by-step guide through the methods to 
install NVIDIA Bright Cluster Manager on a head node and the steps ne cessary to bring up a 
functioning cluster managed by NVIDIA Bright Cluster Manager . Learn more  
Target Audience: IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price: Free course  
 
Bright Cluster Manager Administration  
This course is based on NVIDIA Bright Cluster Manager and gives an overview of the cluster 
management tools, Bright View and CMSH. This course also gives information on environment 
modules. The processes for provisioning nodes and creating software images are also covered. 
Learners in this course will also learn about Interacting with switches, NVIDIA GPU integration, 
and the Health Management Framework . Learn more  
Target Audience: IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price: Free course  
 
Bright Cluster Manager Auto Scaling Hybrid Cloud  
This course is based on NVIDIA Bright Cluster Manager and gives an overview of extending the 
cluster to the cloud with Cluster as a service and cluster extension (i.e.  Hybrid Cloud)  The 
processes for deploying cluster as a service and cluster extensions fo r AWS and Azure are 
covered in detail.  This course also shows how to setup and use of  Bright auto scaler.  The final 
topic is  the setup and use of the  automated cloud job data management  (CMJOB) for 
improving  flexibility and productivity of the cluster.  Learn more   
 
 
 
6 
 Target Audience: IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price: Free course   
 
Ansible Essentials for Network Engineers  
In this course, you will explore a variety of Ansible module s, and write playbooks specifically 
adapted to modern data centers.  This course includes an exclusive h ands -on lab environment and 
exercises to practice real- world scenarios in real cloud environments . Learn more  
Target Audience : IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price : $49 single course I $450 as part of Platinum membership 
SKU: 789-ANECSP   
 The Fundamentals of RDMA Programming
 
This course allows C programmers to dive into the RDMA programming world without requiring previous 
experience in networking or RDMA programming.  We have also added tips and tricks, as well as do’s  and don’ts 
so that the skills you acquire will truly serve you when you need them . Learn more  
Target Audience : Developers, IT Professionals  
Price : $49 single course I $450 as part of Platinum membership 
SKU: 789-RDMCSP   
 
RDMA over Converged Ethernet (RoCE) from A to Z  
In this course you will learn what is RoCE, how it works, get familiar with the different network types RoCE can 
run over and also learn how to configure RoCE for each network type . Learn more  
Target Audience : IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price : Free course  
 
NVIDIA License System  
NVIDIA License System (NLS) is a new licensing solution to support the continued expansion of 
the NVIDIA enterprise software portfolio . This course will help you to learn about NLS and how 
you can move from your existing licensing solution to NLS.  Learn more  
Target Audience : IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price : Free course  
 
MLXlink and MLXcables Debug Tools  
In this course, you'll learn about the MLXlink and MLXcables debug tools. These debug tools are 
used for both basic link troubleshooting and for analyzing the more complex link characteristics. 
Learn more  
Target Audience : IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price : Free course   
 
 
 
h //
7 
  
Data Center Management Made Easy with NVIDIA UFM  
In this course you will learn about UFM Enterprise , how to automate network discovery and 
provisioning, how to perform traffic monitoring and congestion discovery with UFM. In addition, 
you will discover how to enable job schedule provisioning and how to integrate with industry -
leading job schedulers and cl oud and cluster managers, including Slurm and Platform Load 
Sharing Facility (LSF).  Learn more  
Target Audience: IT Professionals , Networking and System Admins/Engineers  
Price: $49 single course I $450 as part of Platinum membership 
SKU: 789-UFMCSP  
 
 
CERTIFICATIONS  
 
The NVIDIA Certification Program enables partners, customers, and other professionals to 
demonstrate their skills and expertise. Further your career options by successfully completing an 
NVIDIA certification. Learn more  
 
NVIDIA Certified Associate - AI in the Data Center  
This is an entry -level certification that validates foundational concepts of adopting artificial intelligence 
computing by NVIDIA in a data center environment. Learn more  
Price : $135  
SKU: 789 -ADCESE  
Prerequisites: A basic understanding of data center infrastructure  
Validity: two years  
 NVIDIA Certified Professional –  InfiniBand  
This is an intermediate level certification that validates core concepts for designing, deploying, 
and managing NVIDIA InfiniBand Fabrics . Learn more  
Price : $220  
SKU: 789 -IBPESE   
Prerequisites: A thorough understanding of data center infrastructure and networking  
Validity: two years  
  
 
 
 