NVIDIA RTX-Powered AI Workstations for AI Training | Solution Over view |  1
Key Challenges for AI Model 
Development and Training 
 >Training:  AI model size  
continues to grow, taking 
months to train and taxing 
already oversubscribed data 
center and cloud instance 
resources.
 >Hardware: Demand for 
accelerated AI hardware for 
data centers and CSPs is 
exceeding supply.
 >Fine-Tuning: Foundation models 
don’t include data for a specific 
business, which means models 
need to be fine-tuned to provide 
the desired results.
Benefits for AI Model 
Development and Training
 >Provides additional AI computing 
resources to augment data 
center and cloud instances for 
development and R&D tasks
 >Ideal solutions for fine-tuning 
training locally
 >Enterprise-grade solutions that 
are widely available from OEM 
workstation vendors worldwideSolution Overview
Meeting the Demands for AI Computing Resources
Generative AI is bringing profound change across industries , accelerating the 
adoption of AI-infused technologies at an incredible scale. This r apid deployment  
has increased demand on computing resources, with data ce nters and cloud 
service providers (CSPs) racing to add the hardware required to  meet that demand. 
NVIDIA data center GPUs are powering these AI workflows arou nd the globe. They 
provide the compute power required to train trillion+ paramet er models and the 
inferencing necessary to drive the new AI-intensive workflow s these models enable.
The rush to rapidly add AI computing power to data centers  and increase 
availability of accelerated cloud instances is straining the availability  of hardware, 
making it difficult to meet the continually growing demand.
NVIDIA RTX-Powered AI Workstations for AI Training
The latest generation of NVIDIA’s AI-focused OEM workstatio ns provide for up  
to four NVIDIA RTX™ 6000 Ada Generation GPUs per workstation for an incredible  
5.8 petaflops of combined compute performance and 192GB of total system  
GPU memory.
For businesses or individuals just getting started with AI or  working with smaller 
models, NVIDIA RTX-powered AI workstations provide a powerfu l and cost-
effective solution for AI research and development workloads . Equipped with  
large system memory, storage, and high-performance Connec tX® networking,  
AI workstations are ideal for training AI models with smaller dom ain-specific  
data sets. NVIDIA RTX-Powered 
AI Workstations for 
AI Training
AI model development and fine-tuning 
training on the desktop.
NVIDIA RTX-Powered AI Workstations for AI Training | Solution Over view |  2AI Workstations Powered by NVIDIA RTX
Augmenting AI Model Development With NVIDIA  
RTX-Powered AI Workstations
While the largest generative AI models are created with trillion s of parameters and 
may take weeks or months to train on large clusters of GPU -equipped servers, model 
development, R&D, and exploration can be done with fewer n umbers of parameters 
and smaller datasets. AI workstations are ideal platforms for A I researchers and 
developers to experiment and validate work prior to full-scale m odel training in the 
data center or on cloud instances. AI workstations can augm ent data center and 
cloud compute resources, providing additional AI computing powe r to maximize the 
productivity of AI development teams.
NVIDIA provides a full-stack solution for AI development, from N VIDIA RTX 
professional GPUs for desktop, laptops, data center, and c loud to GPU-accelerated AI 
frameworks and tools to pretrained AI models. Easy access to NVIDIA accelerated 
AI software from NVIDIA® NGC™, an online portal for enterprise services, software, 
management tools, and support for end-to-end AI workflows, or NVIDIA AI Enterprise, 
the end-to-end software platform for production AI, lets  developers easily access 
the full power of AI workstations.
As researchers work to create smaller generative AI models  with the same accuracy 
as larger models, AI workstations are an ideal testbed for evalu ating these smaller 
models without putting additional development tasks on data center servers or 
cloud instances.Good Better Best
CPU W3 or 4th Gen  
Intel Xeon Silver 
or AMD Ryzen 
Threadripper ProIntel Xeon w5 Silver 
or AMD Ryzen 
Threadripper ProIntel Xeon w5 Gold 
or AMD Ryzen 
Threadripper Pro
System 
Memory128GB ECC DDR5 256GB ECC DDR5 1TB ECC DDR5
Storage 1TB boot + 2TB SSD, 
NVMe1TB boot + 2-4TB 
SSD, NVMe - RAID32TB boot + 2TB SSD, 
NVMe - RAID3
NIC 10 GbE NIC NVIDIA ConnectX-
6Dx (256GbE)NVIDIA ConnectX-
7Dx (256GbE)
OS Ubuntu/RHEL/SUSE 1 Ubuntu/RHEL/SUSE 1Ubuntu/RHEL/SUSE 1
GPU NVIDIA RTX 6000  
Ada Generation  or  
NVIDIA A800 40GB 
Active 2 2x NVIDIA RTX 6000  
Ada Generation  or  2x 
NVIDIA A800 40GB 
Active 2 4x NVIDIA RTX 6000  
Ada Generation  or  3x 
NVIDIA A800 40GB 
Active 2 Best
CPU Intel i7 or i9
System 
Memory32GB DDR5
Storage 1TB NVMe
OS Ubtunbtu/RHEL/SUSE 1
GPU NVIDIA RTX 5000 Ada 
Generation Laptop GPU
1. Linux: See NVIDIA AI Enterprise Documentation for ex act release support 
2. A800: Display out options include T1000 (8GB), A4000 , RTX 4000 Ada Gen; see mix-and-match 
support matrix for more details 
3. RAID: For large datasets that need fast/reliable sto rage
Ready to Get Started?
To learn more about the NVIDIA RTX-powered AI 
Workstations, visit:
www.nvidia.com/ai-workstations
Contact sales at nvidia.com/en-us/contact/sales
© 2023 NVIDIA Corporation and affiliates. All rights re served. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, ConnectX, NGC, and RTX  
are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corpor ation and affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. 
Other company and product names may be trademarks of the res pective owners with which they are associated. 
2958645. OCT23GPT3-40B Fine Tuning Training with 860M Tokens - 
15 Hours on AI Workstation with 4X RTX 6000 Ada 
Generation GPUs.
Fine-Tuning Training With NVIDIA RTX-Powered  
AI Workstations
As enterprises deploy generative AI models, commercially av ailable models may not 
provide the results required for business tasks. These models were likely trained 
on data that didn’t include specific company assets, such as product images, 
datasheets, installation guides, marketing style guides, data t hat generative AI 
needs to provide accurate responses, or the look and fe el of a particular business’s 
product or services. AI models will likely need to be “tuned ”—or receive additional 
training with company-specific data—to produce the desire d results.
AI workstations can help augment data center and cloud instan ce resources by 
providing a local computing resource for AI model fine-tuning.   As businesses 
continue to release new products and services and refine the  look and feel of their 
branding, AI models will need to be updated to include the lates t data so generated 
content can stay current. With AI workstations, groups  can fine-tune models as 
required and experiment with various datasets and dataset si zes to optimize 
results without needing data center or cloud instance co mpute cycles.
Enterprise-Ready Solutions
Available from leading OEM workstation manufacturers, AI worksta tions are 
designed and built for demanding enterprise deployments. P owered by the latest 
generation of workstation CPUs and available with NVIDIA Connec tX® high-
performance networking solutions, AI workstations are ready to tackle demanding 
AI development workflows. The latest generation of OEM d esktop and mobile 
workstations are available now and ready to ship.