As I have not formed the company yet, the planned equity ownership breakdown among the founders, employees and any other proposed stockholders is as follows.  Keeping in mind my intent of maximizing my personal wealth throughout.  With tiny teams philosophy, I want to minimize co-founders and giving away equity early.  This is my current guideline.  Please assess and report back:
“ I expect to complete the launch of this startup, with five or
10 or 15 or 20% of the company. “Entrepreneurship For
All (Part I): The UC Berkeley
Startup Guide for students by Silicon Valley Insiders.”
(Wordage inside brackets below is from the class,
But should not be read as part of my answer,
as it is provided for background.)
About equity and how it changes over time?
As, I am the principal founder and will own 60% of the
company
and I have another co-founder who owns 40%.
As I [the principal founder] came in early and full-time,
and came up with the idea,
and so, I will get 60% and my co-founder gets 40%.
That's defined, it's communicated, it's done.
Now, as I start to persuade other people to join,
I will need to carve out equity for them.
So, I will need a stock option pool.
Typically, 20% will go to the option pool,
that's for future employees.
I might get my first round of funding
or first couple of rounds of funding, angel seed funding.
And I give up 20% to investors, my early VCs, right?
And so, now the pie chart looks a little different.
Now I see that I have 20% in the option pool,
20% for investors.
And instead of 60/40, we founders have 36 and 24.
There's almost always a vest, even for the founders,
as well as obviously for the early employees.
Usually, founders will not have a cliff
because they've already proven themselves,
they've already been working at it for years sometimes,
certainly, for months.
[But you can see
how the pie chart starts to change over time.
So, here's an infographic from YC and it's fun.
You'll have this slide separately
in this week's course notes.
So, if you can't quite see all of it, that's fine.
But it's a journey that most startups will go through
where the founder, as you can see at the top there,
has 100% of something that's an idea.
So, it's really not valued much.
It's 100% of nothing.]
Thus, when I get my co-founder
and my hundred percent buy becomes, say, 50/50 or
60/40.
Then I get my early investors and early angel investors,
friends and family,
I get my stock option pool for my early employees.
And so, the pie chart changes
and my slice of the pie shrinks.
Then I get my venture capital investors coming in
and my slice, again, diminishes,
but overall value of the pie hopefully keeps growing.
To zero to 10, to 20, to 50 and beyond.
Then I start to get strategics, investment bankers,
then maybe I go public or have a massive
acquisition.
At the end, I expect to have five or 10 or 15 or 20% of the
company,
as 17% off a huge pie is infinitely better
than 100% of nothing.
[I expect my cofounders to be equal in the sense
that they're all giving of their time, full-time.
Or, they may be unequal,
where somebody jumps in first, others come in later.
There may be some who are responsible for the idea,
others for the implementation.
I have to look at the relevant experience and expertise
of each one of us.
Whatever I decide will depend on these things.
Who's part-time, who's full-time.
Whose idea was it, who's going to be most responsible
and most valuable for implementation.
Remember, implementation and execution almost always
trumps idea.
So, when we start to think about these
and I start to divide up the pie,
whether it's 50/50, or 33 all across,
or somebody gets 50 and the other two get 25.
Whatever I think is equitable and relevant
and we agree on, you will communicate that,
get to that understanding and get it in writing.
So many startups fail,
because founders, two or three co-founders,
are actually on different pages completely a year out
on what they expected their equity portion would be.
Now come early in employees, right?
So, I've got my co-founders done
and I figured that pie chart out
and I've communicated that,
and have that in writing.]
What about early employees?
Well, it depends first and foremost on my size
and traction as a startup.
[If straight out of the gate, I’m making good money,
meaning we have good monthly recurring revenues,
if I have great customer traction,
you are more valuable; my valuation is high.
So, getting those early employees in,
I will have to give less of your equity to them.
It also depends on the role and the value of the
employee.
If the employee is my CTO and as I am non-technical,
that is a very valuable early employee.
And if that CTO has already been CTO
at several big companies or done successful startups,
then their value is that much higher for me.
The equity that I give to that early employee
should reflect both my value and substance as a startup
and their value and substance as an employee.]
Whatever I do,
it'll have to conform to a vesting schedule.
[That means, if I’m giving somebody 10% of my company,
it's not given on day one.
These are options that vest typically over four years,
sometimes three, sometimes five.
They have to stay and they have to prove their worth
along the way, to have that vest happen.
Vesting can be monthly or quarterly.
Of that 10%, say, that is designated to them,
they vest a portion of that every quarter over four years.
So, 1/48 every quarter, starting from their start date.
Usually, people have also the concept of a cliff,
where for the first six months or one year we don't vest.
That's kind of a period
where I get to evaluate them
and I get to see
that the person I've given this ownership,
this equity in my company can earn it.]
https://courses.edx.org/dashboard/programs/b83d59f8-
a5ec-41f0-aa6d-06182061edab/



As the principal founder, I will own 100% of the
Company.
If I have a co-founder, I will offer them 40% as I will own 60% of the
company
As other people join,
I will carve out equity for them as well.
To accomplish, I will utilize a stock option pool.
I will allocate 20% to the option pool,
for future employees.
During my first round of funding
or first couple of rounds of funding, angel seed funding.
I plan to give up 20% to investors, my early VCs.
With 20% in the option pool, and
20% for investors.
Leaving we founder(s) with 36 and 24, instead of 60/40.
In addition, we will have a vest, even for the founders,
as well as for the early employees.
Founder(s) will not have a cliff as we have been working on this for years.
Additionally, I will form a stock option pool for my early employees.
When I get my venture capital investors coming in
my slice will again diminish.
Just as it will diminish further when I begin to get strategics, investment bankers,
Finally, I go public or have a massive
acquisition.
At the end, I expect to have five or 17% of the
company.
The equity I will give my early employee's
will reflect both my value and substance as a startup
and their value and substance as employees.
My distribution of equity will conform to a vesting schedule.
That means, if I’m giving somebody 10% of my company,
it's not given on day one.
Their options will vest over four years,
They have to stay and they have to prove their worth
along the way, to have that vest happen.
Vesting will be quarterly.
Of that 10%, say, that is designated to my early employees,
they vest a portion of that every quarter over four years.
So, 1/48 every quarter, starting from their start date.
Furthermore, I will have a cliff,
where for the first six months or one year I won't vest.
That is the period
where I get to evaluate them
and I get to see
that the person I've given this ownership,
this equity in my company can earn it.”