
Spring System Design in Practice
Copyright © 2025 Packt Publishing
All rights r eserved . No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a re -
trieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, without the pri -
or written permission of the publisher , except in the case of brief quotations
embedded in critical articles or reviews.
Every ef fort has been made in the preparation of this book to ensure the ac -
curacy of the information presented. However , the information contained in
this book is sold without warranty , either express or implied. Neither the au -
thor nor Packt Publishing or its dealers and distributors will be held liable
for any damages caused or alleged to have been caused directly or indirect -
ly by this book.
Packt Publishing has endeavored to provide trademark information about all
of the companies and products mentioned in this book by the appropriate
use of capitals. However , Packt Publishing cannot guarantee the accuracy of
this information.
Portfolio Dir ector : Ashwin Nair
Relationship Lead : Aaron Lazar
Content Engineer : Kinnari Chohan
Project Manager : Ruvika Rao
Technical Editor : Aniket Shetty
Copy Editor : Saﬁs Editing
Proofreader : Kinnari Chohan
Indexer : Rekha Nair
Production Designer : Vijay Kamble
Growth Lead : Anamika Singh
First published: April 2025
Production reference: 1260325
Published by Packt Publishing Ltd.
Grosvenor House
11 St Paul’ s Square
Birmingham
B3 1RB, UK
ISBN 978-1-80324-901-8
www .packtpub.com
To my wife, Flavia, who made my world perfectly or ganized and beautiful,
allowing me to focus on writing this book—even as I kept going to bed be -
tween 3 and 5 a.m. Thank you for your love, patience, and support. W e made
it!
To my mother , Valéria, whose unwavering car e for people and things has
been my lifelong example.T o my father , João, who taught me to be r elentless
and to keep going, no matter what.
Foreword
In my 20 years of corporate world experience, I’ve read countless technical
books – some inspiring, many for gettable. But few , if any , have captured the
raw reality of software engineering within lar ge, complex or ganizations
quite like this one. Spring System Design in Practice  doesn’ t just talk about
system design – it lives in it, surprisingly .
As I turned each page, I went back to my own early years – navigating am -
biguity while dealing with the complexity of the systems. It reminded me of
the long nights spent trying to piece together scattered concepts and won -
dering how to bridge the gap between the development team and the busi -
ness. If only I had a book like this 10 to 15 years ago… Alas, we can’ t go
back in time – not yet, at least.
Rodrigo Santiago has created something truly special. His writing ﬂows
with the ease of a mentor explaining things across a whiteboard – grounded,
clear , and refreshingly pragmatic. This book isn’ t a dry reference manual.
It’s a well-lit path through the chaos, guiding you through the architectural
terrain of real-world systems with patience and precision.
What struck me most is how deeply relatable the scenarios are. Whether it’ s
the trade-of fs of microservice communication, the hidden costs of prema -
ture optimization, or the art of aligning development with actual business
needs, every topic is framed through lessons that feel earned, not just
researched.
For developers who feel overwhelmed by the jar gon of modern system de -
sign, this book of fers a sense of clarity . For seasoned engineers looking to
sharpen their architectural lens, it serves as a reality check. And for aspiring
architects, it’ s a roadmap and a reference rolled into one, full of hard-won
insights and battle-tested patterns.
It also reminds us of something we often for get in fast-paced environments:
good system design isn’ t about clever solutions, but clear thinking. It’ s
about understanding before implementing – the “why” before the “how .”
Spring System Design in Practice  doesn’ t just show you what’ s possible
with Spring – it shows you how to think holistically , build with conﬁdence,
and lead with insight.
Read it. Reﬂect on it. Then, go and build better systems – not just technical -
ly, but thoughtfully .
Shalini Goyal
Global T echnology Leader , Ex-Amazon
Contributors
About the author
Rodrigo Santiago  is a software developer with years of experience stream -
lining systems and improving products and processes. He has led projects
that turned chaotic challenges into high-performance solutions, focusing on
areas where small changes had a big impact. Known for his calm and posi -
tive approach under pressure, Rodrigo has successfully guided cross-func -
tional teams to deliver results.
Rodrigo has worked in diverse industries, from legal tech to ﬁntech, tack -
ling system architecture and team dynamics. His expertise in system design,
microservices, and event-driven architecture has enabled scalable solutions
that meet both technical and business needs.
About the reviewer
Ibidapo Abdulazeez  is a software engineer with over two years of experi -
ence building scalable solutions, particularly in the ﬁntech and real estate
sectors. Holding a master ’s degree in Computer Science, Abdulazeez is pas -
sionate about leveraging technology to address critical challenges in under -
developed sectors.
With expertise in cloud computing, machine learning, and backend develop -
ment using Spring, Abdulazeez has worked on projects such as credit card
fraud detection systems and student loan accessibility APIs. Aspiring to pur -
sue a PhD in Computer Science, Abdulazeez is committed to driving tech -
nological advancements and innovation in the ﬁeld.
Table of Contents
Preface
Part 1: Foundations for System Design
1
What are the Product Requirements?
Unlocking your finances with the Spring Framework
How is this book structured to help you succeed?
Why do we need to understand business
requirements?
Perfecting business requirements
What are business requirements?
Crystal-clear needs – ensuring businesses get
requirements right
Visualizing timelines for problem-solving
Crafting business requirements
The pitfalls of product requirements
Are mock designs business requirements?
Requirements should not express technology choices
Does a customer know the problems they are
experiencing?
Are solutions the final step?
Breaking the curse of technical debt
Dense documentation
Vague documentation
Looking beyond the happy path
Disregarding other business areas and processes
Assuming too much about other areas
Summary
2
Sorting Complex Requirements into
Features, Use Cases, and Stories
Naming the distinct features of your product
Identifying actors, events, life cycles, stages, types,
levels, and loops
Who will perform actions in your system?
Defining critical events for each actor
Listing the main features of the system
Extracting a feature’s events timeline
Simplifying requirements
Understanding stages, levels, types, life cycles, and
loops
Creating user journeys, stories, and use cases
User journeys
User stories
Use cases descriptions
Structuring the final business requirements
document
Which of these artifacts should come first?
Scaling results with long-term business
requirements
Exercises
Summary
3
Defining Domains for Your Application
Technical requirements
Determining which features to deliver first
Criteria for prioritizing a business requirement
Sorting priorities
Defining domains and boundaries for your
application
What are product domains and why are they
important?
Detecting common concepts and eliminating
redundancy across use cases
Setting up and defining domains for your product
Setting up domain composition, boundaries, and
limits
Defining the right services for your domains
What are services and why should we think about
them?
How to model and document domain services
correctly
Crafting your domain diagram
Sequencing the activity across services
The Rental Proposal sequence diagram
Introduction to PlantUML as a tool for building
sequence diagrams
Summary
4
Defining Services for Your Domains
Understanding non-functional requirements
Handling user requirements
I/O and data maintenance requirements
Exploring sizing requirements
Storage types
Requirements for data processing
Testing requirements
AI, data engineering, and analytics requirements
Disaster recovery capabilities
Choosing protocols
Summary
Part 2: Designing Great Spring Services
5
Writing Your Services – Introducing REST
APIs with the Spring Framework
Technical requirements
Moving from domain design to programming
Microservice communication
Introducing the HTTP protocol
What are the main HTTP verbs?
What are the main HTTP response codes?
Writing your first Spring app
Using SDKMAN to manage your tool versions
Using Spring Initializr
Opening your Spring project
Building your application using Gradle
Implementing your first Spring Controller class
Running your Spring Application
Designing your API services
What are APIs?
Why do we need RESTful standards?
Dissecting a RESTful resource address
Adding parameters to your API endpoints
Using payloads in RESTful services
Using UUIDs to uniquely identify objects
Using HTTP request headers
How Spring apps run internally
Introducing the Spring Framework component
lifecycle
What are Spring beans and why are they important?
Introducing the Spring Boot project
Understanding the Spring Framework component
scan
Where are Spring beans stored at runtime?
How to easily access a Spring bean
Spring container and inversion of control
Creating RESTful APIs in Spring
Writing a rental property REST API with Spring
Web
Spring Web cheat sheet
Summary
6
Translating Business Requirements into
Well-Designed Spring APIs
Technical requirements
Mastering the blueprint for any Spring microservice
Exploring the vertical layers
Understanding the horizontal layers
Rental proposal service design
Error handling in REST APIs
Implementing business services in Spring
Declaring service interfaces in Spring
Writing the implementation class for your service
Organizing your Spring classes
Writing automated tests for your Spring apps
Understanding the basic test pattern
Creating integrated tests with Spring Test
Testing Beans in isolation
Other testing options
Coming up with a test case list
Perfecting the application tests over time
Running your tests in the console
Tuning Spring Web for peak performance
Making your API design a lot better for clients
Richardson Maturity Model for
creating/documenting REST APIs
Summary
7
Handling Data and Evolving Your
Microservice
Technical requirements
Data persistence in applications with Spring
Reactive versus non-reactive data handling
Non-reactive data handling
Reactive data handling
SQL versus NoSQL data storage
SQL databases
NoSQL databases
Microservices versus monolith application data
design
Data complexity and granularity level
Organizing databases
Implementing non-reactive SQL database
persistence
Adding support to a dev database
Defining entities to be persisted
ORM versus raw SQL in Spring Data
JpaRepository – your go-to SQL interface in Spring
Data
Using JpaRepository as an ORM-enabled repository
Using Lombok to translate DTO to entity classes and
vice versa
JpaRepository class hierarchy made simple
Customizing database queries using JpaRepository
Using JPQL to create custom queries
Understanding other limitations of JpaRepository
Dealing with a very high volume of data and
requests
Retrieving paged results in Spring JpaRepository
Using multiple service implementations on your
application
Using @Qualifier to inject multiple bean
implementations for the same service
How does EntityManager work?
Working with transactions in Spring Data
Using the @Transactional annotation in a method
Managing transactions by using the EntityManager
bean
Using NamedParameterJdbcTemplate to run raw
SQL queries
Referencing all the implementations we have done so
far
Testing your applications with data integration
Summary
Part 3: Security, Performance, and
Scalability
8
Securing Services with Spring Security
and OAuth 2.0
Understanding the security areas in your application
What is OAuth 2.0 and why use it?
Use case 1 – system A accesses system B-owned
resources
Use case 2 – system A accesses its own resources
Basic service types in OAuth 2.0
Industry-grade authorization providers
Understanding how JWTs work
The JWT header
The JWT payload
The JWT signature
Different architectures for validating tokens
Implementing HomeIt security
Creating your project
Creating your security configuration class
Adding Spring Security to the Rental Properties
service
Implementing and using refresh tokens
Summary
9
High-Performance Secure Communication
Between Spring Services
Technical requirements
Service communication made easy
Adding more security to HomeIt authentication
What is RestAssured?
Writing a high-performance service with WebFlux
Looking at the Revoke Token Service folder
structure
Writing the Revoke Token Service properties file
Writing the database schema file
Writing the Revoke Token Service persistence layer
Reactive versus blocking services
Writing the Revoke Token service class
Writing a reactive endpoint Handler class
Writing the RouterConfig and resource addresses
Writing a customized Basic authorization filter
Connecting services with API requests
Adding security filters to your authentication flow
Writing API integration tests with RestAssured
Creating the project structure
Declaring dependencies
Writing the actual tests
Making the actual requests using RestAssured
Summary
10
Building Asynchronous, Event-Driven
Systems With NoSQL Databases
Technical requirements
A maintainability issue with RESTful APIs
What is heavy coupling?
How service coupling makes code harder to maintain
Introducing event-driven architectures
What is the difference between a queue and a topic?
How should your notification messages look?
Using Kafka in event-driven services
Kafka main concepts
Installing Kafka on a Linux machine
Using MongoDB for NoSQL persistency
Our event-driven sample in HomeIt
Building our rental proposal service publishers
Combining WebFlux, MongoDB, and Kafka in
Spring Services
Streaming object collections with WebFlux
Building our rental properties service consumers
Extending our end-to-end tests
Summary
Part 4: Orchestrating Resilient Services
11
Launching Your Self-Organizing
Microservice Cloud
Technical requirements
How to produce your service logs
What are the existing log levels?
How to write logs in Spring
Understanding your log output
How to organize your property files
Writing your properties files
Overriding a property file when starting the
packaged application
Setting property values using environment variables
Creating property files per deployment environment
Injecting properties in your services
Setting up your services using Spring Cloud
Understanding the Spring Cloud topology
Launching the Discovery service
Launching the Config service
Setting up your property files on a Git repository
Integrating your services with Spring Cloud
Launching the API Gateway service
Hitting the API gateway with our integration tests
Summary
12
Optimizing Your Services
Technical requirements
Setting the right performance expectations for your
project
Failures are unavoidable
Launch early, optimize later
Key bottlenecks that can slow things down
Eliminate single points of failure
Distributed transactions going wrong
Prepare your services for concurrent requests
Using caching to speed up access to critical data
Recovering from failures with dead letter queues
Real-time service monitoring with Spring Actuator
Handling faulty services with Resilience4j
Using the Circuit Breaker pattern
Using the Rate Limiting pattern
Using Retry in Resilience4J
Using the Bulkhead pattern
Preventing race conditions with a SQL trick
Why microservice-level solutions won’t work
A simple and effective solution – database locks
Recovering from failures by using an audit job
Dealing with a surge of requests by using throttling
Summary
Epilogue
Index
Other Books You May Enjoy
Preface
Welcome to this journey into the heart of Spring! If you’ve ever stared at a
blank IDE, wondering where to even begin when building a robust, scalable
service, you’re not alone. The world of software development is full of
grand ideas and ambitious goals, but turning those into well-structured,
maintainable applications? That’ s both an art and a science. This book is
here to help you bridge that gap.
We will start with the foundations because great software is built on clarity .
We’ll walk through dissecting requirements, distinguishing between func -
tional and non-functional needs, and transforming them into domain objects
and solid API contracts. It’ s like laying down the blueprint before building a
skyscraper—you wouldn’ t want your application to topple at the ﬁrst gust
of real-world complexity .
Then, we’ll roll up our sleeves and get into the real magic: building services
with Spring. How should interfaces interact with implementations? What’ s
a clean way to design services that will grow gracefully over time? We’ll
answer these questions and propose a practical blueprint for creating new
APIs and communicating seamlessly with other systems. And since security
is a non-negotiable in today’ s world, we’ll dive into user authentication, to -
ken creation, and validation using asymmetric keys.
Of course, no journey is complete without a few obstacles. We’ll face them
head-on with testing—unit tests, integration tests, and end-to-end tests—en -
suring that what we build is not just functional, but reliable. We’ll also ex -
plore event-driven architectures, discuss best practices for handling data in -
tegrations with SQL  and NoSQL  databases, and even build a fully-ﬂedged
Spring Cloud application.
But what happens when things go wrong? Because, let’ s face it, they will.
Services fail, networks break, and race conditions lurk in the shadows.
That’ s why we’ll also talk about designing for resilience: structuring conﬁg -
urations ef fectively , handling failures gracefully , and resolving concurrency
issues like a seasoned architect.
Throughout this book, we’ll keep things practical. This isn’ t an abstract tour
of Spring 6’ s features; it’ s a hands-on guide to building applications that
work in the real world—applications that scale, recover from failures, and
integrate cleanly with the systems around them. We will work from a sam -
ple application that we call the HomeIt app, which connects landlords with
tenants interested in renting properties.
So, grab your favorite beverage (cof fee, tea, or whatever fuels your coding
sessions), ﬁre up your IDE, and let’ s build something great together .
Welcome to the world of Spring!
NOTE ON SPRING FRAMEWORK UPDATES
At the time of writing, milestone r eleases for Spring Framework 7 have be -
gun r olling out, with the ofﬁcial r elease expected in November 2025. While
Spring 7 intr oduces enhancements and changes, particularly ar ound HTTP
client interfaces, this book focuses primarily on softwar e architectur e and
system design concepts that ar e largely framework-agnostic.
The examples and practices discussed do not r ely on speciﬁc featur es of
Spring’ s HTTP  client tooling (such as OpenFeign), and as such, r emain
valid and applicable despite the updates in Spring 7.
We are committed to maintaining the accuracy and r elevance of our con -
tent, and will continue to monitor major updates to ensur e that r eaders ar e
well informed.
Who this book is for
Whether you’re taking your ﬁrst steps into the world of Spring or you’re an
experienced system architect looking to reﬁne your approach to scalable
web services, this book has something for you.
If you’re new to Spring, you might feel overwhelmed by its vast ecosystem.
Where do you start? How do you structure your application? How do all
these components ﬁt together? We’ve been there. That’ s why this book
walks you through the fundamentals—from dissecting requirements to de -
signing APIs, writing services, integrating databases, and handling security .
By the time you ﬁnish, you’ll have built a fully functional, production-ready
Spring application with conﬁdence.
For system architects and experienced developers, this book provides a
structured approach to designing scalable, resilient services. We’ll cover
best practices for API design, authentication with asymmetric keys, event-
driven architectures, and fault tolerance. If you want to ensure your Spring
applications can handle real-world complexity while staying maintainable
and performant, this book will help you get there.
This book assumes you have some prior experience with an object-oriented
programming language and a basic understanding of how to write Java
code. You don’ t need to be an expert in software development processes—
our goal is to provide a clear framework that will help you take high-level
requirements and break them down into a resilient family of services that
scale ef fectively .
So, whether you’re just starting out or reﬁning your craft, let’ s dive in and
build great things together!
What this book covers
Chapter 1 , What Are the Pr oduct Requir ements? , explores how to capture
product requirements in a structured, precise way that sets the foundation
for well-deﬁned problems and solutions. Every great system starts with a
well-deﬁned purpose. You’ll learn how to identify key business needs and
translate them into technical goals that guide development from the very
beginning.
Chapter 2 , Sorting Complex Requir ements into Featur es, Use Cases, and
Stories , untangles the complexity of software projects often starting as a
tangled web of expectations by breaking down requirements into clear fea -
tures, use cases, and user stories. This structured approach ensures that we
capture what truly matters while keeping the development process manage -
able and focused.
Chapter 3 , LayinDeﬁning Domains for Y our Application , explains how , be-
fore we write a single line of code, we need to understand the business do -
main. In this chapter , we’ll use a key domain-driven design  (DDD ) tech -
nique to create visual representations of our system’ s core concepts, ensur -
ing that our models align with real-world business logic.
Chapter 4 , Deﬁning Services for Y our Domains , explains how functional re -
quirements tell us what the system must do, but technical requirements de -
ﬁne how it should operate. We’ll cover the crucial technical constraints and
expectations on the technical side, ensuring that our services are built for
real-world demands with the right tools in place.
Chapter 5 , Writing Y our Services – Intr oducing REST  APIs with the Spring
Framework , introduces the core principles of RESTful APIs and walks you
through creating your ﬁrst Spring-powered service, complete with con -
trollers, request handling, and responses. Now that we have a strong foun -
dation from the previous chapters, it’ s time to start building!
Chapter 6 , Translating Business Requir ements into W ell-Designed Spring
APIs , teaches you how to build adaptable Spring services by deﬁning clear
interfaces, decoupling implementations, and seamlessly integrating dif ferent
services with each other . We’ll also cover key concepts of how Spring pro -
vides interfaces and implementations for connecting to external systems
very efﬁciently .
Chapter 7 , Handling Data and Evolving Y our Micr oservice , explains how
data is the lifeblood of any system, and how we handle it determines the
ﬂexibility of our services. In this chapter , we’ll explore how to work with
relational databases in Spring, how to prototype your service very quickly ,
and what the dif ferent approaches for creating custom queries versus out-of-
the-box data connections are that make it easier to retrieve or save data.
Chapter 8 , Securing Services with Spring Security and OAuth 2.0 , provides
a hands-on guide to implementing authentication and authorization using
Spring Security and OAuth 2.0, ensuring that our services protect sensitive
data while providing seamless user access. Security is non-negotiable in
modern applications.
Chapter 9 , High-Performance and Secur e Communication Between Spring
Services , explains why when multiple services need to communicate, per -
formance and security become critical concerns. We’ll dive into strategies
for making inter -service communication efﬁcient, secure, and scalable, cov -
ering how to create asynchronous services with WebFlux.
Chapter 10 , Building Asynchr onous, Event-Driven Systems with NoSQL
Databases , introduces event-driven architectures, showing how to decouple
services using messaging systems and NoSQL  databases to build scalable,
reactive applications, as not all interactions need to happen in real time.
Chapter 1 1, Launching Y our Self-Or ganizing Micr oservice Cloud , explores
how to launch a cloud-native Spring application, leveraging service discov -
ery, API gateways, remote conﬁgurations, and other critical features that
make your services connect to each other smoothly .
Chapter 12 , Optimizing Y our Services , focuses on critical performance tun -
ing, caching, handling failures gracefully , and improving resilience. From
circuit breakers to concurrency solutions and distributed transaction consis -
tency checks, we’ll ensure our services thrive under real-world conditions.
To get the most out of this book
Softwar e/hardwar e cover ed in the
bookOperating system
requir ements
Java (22 minimum, 25+
recommended)Windows, Ubuntu
Spring 6+
Gradle
Intellij Community Edition (optional)
If you ar e using the digital version of this book, we advise you to type
the code yourself or  access the code fr om the book’ s GitHub r epository
(a link is available in the next section). Doing so will help you avoid any
potential err ors r elated to the copying and pasting of code.
Download the example code files
You can download the example code ﬁles for this book from GitHub at
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-Practice . If
there’ s an update to the code, it will be updated in the GitHub repository .
We also have other code bundles from our rich catalog of books and videos
available at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/ . Check them out!
Conventions used
There are a number of text conventions used throughout this book.
Code in text : Indicates code words in text, database table names, fold -
er names, ﬁlenames, ﬁle extensions, pathnames, dummy URLs, user input,
and Twitter handles. Here is an example: “Mount the downloaded
WebStorm-10*.dmg  disk image ﬁle as another disk in your system.”
A block of code is set as follows:
html, body, #map {
 height: 100%;
 margin: 0;
 padding: 0
}
When we wish to draw your attention to a particular part of a code block,
the relevant lines or items are set in bold:
[default]
exten => s,1,Dial(Zap/1|30)
exten => s,2,Voicemail(u100)
exten => s,102,Voicemail(b100)
exten => i,1,Voicemail(s0)
Any command-line input or output is written as follows:
$ mkdir css
$ cd css
Bold : Indicates a new term, an important word, or words that you see on -
screen. For instance, words in menus or dialog boxes appear in bold . Here
is an example: “Select System info  from the Administration  panel.”
TIPS OR IMPORTANT NOTES
Appear like this.
Get in touch
Feedback from our readers is always welcome.
General feedback : If you have questions about any aspect of this book,
email us at customercare@packtpub.com  and mention the book title in the
subject of your message.
Errata : Although we have taken every care to ensure the accuracy of our
content, mistakes do happen. If you have found a mistake in this book, we
would be grateful if you would report this to us. Please visit www .packt -
pub.com/support/errata  and ﬁll in the form.
Piracy : If you come across any illegal copies of our works in any form on
the internet, we would be grateful if you would provide us with the location
address or website name. Please contact us at copyright@packt.com  with a
link to the material.
If you ar e inter ested in becoming an author : If there is a topic that you
have expertise in and you are interested in either writing or contributing to a
book, please visit authors.packtpub.com .
Share your thoughts
Once you’ve read Spring System Design in Practice , we’d love to hear your
thoughts! Please click here to go straight to the Amazon review page  for
this book and share your feedback.
Your review is important to us and the tech community and will help us
make sure we’re delivering excellent quality content.
Download a free PDF copy of this
book
Thanks for purchasing this book!
Do you like to read on the go but are unable to carry your print books
everywhere?
Is your eBook purchase not compatible with the device of your choice?
Don’ t worry , now with every Packt book you get a DRM-free PDF version
of that book at no cost.
Read anywhere, any place, on any device. Search, copy , and paste code
from your favorite technical books directly into your application.
The perks don’ t stop there, you can get exclusive access to discounts,
newsletters, and great free content in your inbox daily .
Follow these simple steps to get the beneﬁts:
1. Scan the QR code or visit the link below:
https://packt.link/free-ebook/9781803249018
2. Submit your proof of purchase.
3. That’ s it! We’ll send your free PDF and other beneﬁts to your email
directly .
Part 1: Foundations for System
Design
Before writing a single line of code, we need to understand what we’re
building. This part focuses on dissecting product requirements, or ganizing
them into actionable development tasks, and structuring domain models that
will form the backbone of our system. By the end of this part, you’ll have a
clear path from abstract business needs to a concrete technical vision.
This part includes the following chapters:
Chapter 1 , What ar e Product Requir ements?
Chapter 2 , Sorting Complex Requir ements into Featur es, Use Cases, and
Stories
Chapter 3 , Deﬁning Domains for Y our Application
Chapter 4 , Deﬁning Services for Y our Domains
1
What are the Product
Requirements?
Welcome to a fascinating journey through the Spring Framework!
In this chapter , we will cover the world of the so-called “business” or
“product” requirements that can be used across any kind of development
work, regardless of the tech stack. These are the system’ s heart and soul, the
ﬁrst thing we need to know about our apps. Requirements are what make a
product tick. After all, if we’re creating software, we need to have a reason
why. It’s important to understand that best practices for software develop -
ment are not just required in the middle or end of development, but instead,
they begin right as we start conceptualizing the project.
That being said, in this chapter , we’re ﬁrst going to ﬁgure out the problems
that we’re solving and then we’ll begin to clearly articulate the solutions to
those problems.
Here’ s what we’ll unpack:
Unlocking your ﬁnances with the Spring Framework
How is this book structured to help you succeed?
Why do we need to understand business requirements?
Crystal-clear needs – ensuring businesses get requirements right
The pitfalls of product requirements
The world of business requirements is packed with insights waiting to be
uncovered. As I dove deeper , I was very surprised by the treasures I could
mine from past experiences. Missing out on these could mean wasted time,
money , and ef fort. Imagine you’re building your dream house without a
blueprint. Sounds risky , right? That’ s exactly how vital our software’ s blue-
print—the requirements—is.
Unlocking your finances with the
Spring Framework
Understanding the signiﬁcance of the Spring Framework in today’ s backend
development landscape is crucial. It stands as one of the most valuable tools
out there. Period.
Much of its  prestige is due to its foundation on the Java Virtual Machine
(JVM ), a cornerstone of technology that’ s over 30 years old and boasts ex -
tensive market maturity .
The JVM, along with the Java programming language, creates a formidable
platform for software development, thanks to its standout features:
The universal compatibility of its compiled packages across operating
systems
JVM bytecode’ s ability to run on nearly any hardware
The Java JIT  compiler ’s optimization of bytecode into native code at
runtime, of fering high performance close to that of C-language programs
without the complexity of memory management
A vast global developer community
Ongoing support and yearly improvements
Access to top-tier IDEs, enhancing the development experience for all
programmers
These are just a few of the reasons Java and JVM together form such a
powerful platform. And that’ s only one reason for the Spring Framework’ s
acclaim.
Spring Framework experts are highly sought after , and will be into the
future.
Moreover , the Spring ecosystem has secured its status as the most beneﬁ -
cial, quickest to implement, and simplest Java programming framework to
understand. This distinction is due to the Spring Framework’ s adoption of
superior design principles among all frameworks available on the market.
Created in 2003, the Spring Framework boasts over two decades of reﬁne -
ment. With each release, the Spring community has diligently preserved the
best patterns and standards, discarding what no longer serves its purpose.
Can you envision accessing such an extensive collection of tried-and-tested
concepts and ideas for your beneﬁt, free of char ge?
By specializing in Spring, you ga in expertise in the top framework built
upon the best programming platform for the most demanding use case: en -
terprise applications. The Spring Framework is particularly crucial for de -
veloping backend microservice architectures, currently the foundation of
the world’ s largest companies.
Backend microservices in enterprise companies constitute a multi-billion-
dollar industry , with Java playing a leading role. Thus, by mastering the
Spring Framework, you become an exceptionally valuable professional in
the industry , globally . You elevate yourself to a world-class, highly es -
teemed professional status.
While many excellent frameworks and languages are used in enterprise
backend systems, none other of fers a framework for enterprise backend sce -
narios with such a lar ge, active community , numerous job opportunities,
and a combination of a well-structured language with an equally structured
framework. The Spring ecosystem is unmatched in the market.
“But the Spring Framework is such a complex beast!” This is a common
sentiment? The vast landscape of Spring projects can seem overwhelming at
ﬁrst glance.
Diving into the Spring ecosystem might feel like exploring a labyrinth of
endless possibilities. For many , sifting through the Spring documentation
can seem like a daunting endeavor .
Even the most seasoned developers, including tech leads and staf f engi -
neers, often admit to lacking a clear overview of the entire Spring project.
Whether you’re a seasoned programmer in other languages or frameworks
or just dipping your toes into Spring, you’ll likely encounter essential
questions:
What are my options for building systems with the Spring Framework?
What are the key components for system development in Spring?
When should I prefer one component over another?
How do Spring components and projects work together?
What’ s the primary use of each Spring project?
By the end of this book, you’ll ﬁnd yourself able to conﬁdently answer
these questions, equipped with  a solid understanding of how Spring’ s di-
verse components address real-world development challenges. While no
system is without its ﬂaws (yes, bugs are part of the journey), you’re now
on the path to learning the Spring ecosystem. Ready to embark on this
adventure?
While others may feel uncertain of how to choose Spring components for
their speciﬁc implementation and business needs, this book of fers a clear
roadmap. It guides you from understanding the initial business requirements
to conﬁdently programming software with the right approach, simplifying
what can often seem like a daunting process.
How is this book structured to help
you succeed?
By diving into this book, you’ll learn how to decipher even the most chal -
lenging business needs. You’ll learn how to transform these needs into
clear , actionable use cases, akin to drawing a detailed map that guides how
a system should come to life.
Starting with the map (use cases), you will move on to designing a vibrant
city (domains, services, and sequence diagrams), and, ﬁnally , to construct -
ing the buildings (coding) that stand tall in production. Along the way , we’ll
embrace automated tests like a trusted compass, ensuring our development
process is not only swift but also efﬁcient and fail-safe.
In this section, we’re tackling the “software developer dilemma” head-on.
In the world of big enterprise companies, software engineers often ﬁnd
themselves at a crossroads—deciding whether to become visionary archi -
tects or coding wizards:
Architects spend considerable time in discussions with product teams,
working out how to decompose business needs into lar ge work units:
services, APIs, and interfaces. They are the professionals skilled in creat -
ing high-level designs and distributing well-deﬁned tasks across teams
and individual members. Many of them may not have written a line of
code in some time, yet their expertise in design and planning remains
critical.
On the other hand, most programmers prefer working with the well-de -
ﬁned tasks that architects and technical leaders prepare. They enjoy cod -
ing independently , often seeking quiet away from business discussions,
which they might ﬁnd less engaging. Programmers typically focus more
on the technical aspects of development, rather than directly extracting
services from business-centric conversations.
This book is crafted to mer ge the two worlds of high-level design and de -
tailed programming. It is structured as follows:
Initially , you’ll learn how to discern requirements and translate them into
high-level service designs in the ﬁrst three chapters.
Subsequently , Chapters 4  to 10 guide you through addressing technical
and non-functional requirements to implement straightforward services
with Spring. This includes writing APIs, managing data, ensuring securi -
ty, and more sophisticated tasks like working with events-based
architectures.
Advancing further , Chapters 1 1 and 12 elevate your understanding to
construct a complete microservice cloud using Spring, featuring self-re -
covery , alongside with principles and tips to optimize your service
performance.
This book encapsulates this entire journey . I’m excited for you to uncover
the full potential of the Spring Framework for both the industry and your
career .
I have just one request as you embark on this journey:
Always carry a big smile, especially thr ough the challenges.
Persist in your learning journey; it’ s the essence of a fulﬁlling career in IT
and software development. We navigate complex topics with countless vari -
ables. Remember , you’re only human, and perfection in software is an
evolving tar get. Your initial code might need reﬁnement, and that’ s perfect -
ly normal. Next week, you might spot opportunities for improvement—this
cycle is almost inevitable.
Embrace the occasional mistake and address bugs promptly; this mindset
will reward you immensely in your career .
Are you ready to adopt this approach and become a leading Spring expert in
your or ganization? Do you aspire to be the top Spring Framework architect
where you work?
Let’s dive in without delay!
Why do we need to understand
business requirements?
Let’s dive into coding already ...
Not so fast! A lack of understanding of business requirements will lead to a
lot of misuse of the Spring Framework.
I recognize your eagerness to delve into creating Spring services using the
best and most reliable design patterns available in our industry .
I could start by showcasing services built on Spring right at this moment.
However , the challenge lies not in the absence of willingness but in the
foundational knowledge of where to initiate. The Spring ecosystem is pretty
broad, catering to a myriad of use cases, which begs the following ques -
tions: What are the pivotal elements? What deﬁnes the “beginning” and the
“end”?
Indeed, there is no clear “beginning” or “end” within the Spring ecosystem;
each component is designed to complement the others. Therefore, the key
lies in understanding the speciﬁc needs that drive the selection of each com -
ponent or Spring project. A common hurdle is that many lack insight on
which Spring project to choose for their software solutions. More crucially ,
there’ s a widespread challenge in translating real-world demands into ef fec-
tive Spring Framework architecture and implementation strategies.
This gap in the industry stems from developers struggling to grasp customer
perspectives, rooted in years of technology-focused discussions and coding,
with minimal emphasis on customer engagement or adopting alternative
viewpoints. Many software developers ﬁnd themselves ensnared within
their technological paradigms, unable to easily step beyond their conﬁnes.
Grasping business requirements emer ges as a fundamental skill for pro -
grammers aspiring to enhance their development capabilities and architec -
tural acumen. It is precisely this skill that we aim to develop through this
book.
Perfecting business requirements
This principle will help you avoid very big losses in your Spring implemen -
tation, because business requirements are the highest leverage point for
steering you and your team toward success—or , conversely , toward failure.
The nuances and variables at play are numerous. A thoroughly crafted re -
quirements document can instill a sense of clarity within the team, making
the necessary steps forward appear intuitive. On the other hand, gaps in
these requirements can lead to confusion, delays, and, often, unwelcome
surprises in daily operations.
I have witnessed numerous adverse outcomes resulting from poorly out-
lined requirements:
Teams might ﬁnd themselves discarding months of development work
Systems could be launched with missing functionalities, impacting user
experience
Integration issues may only come to light at advanced stages of the
project
Project timelines could be repeatedly pushed back, disrupting planned
launch dates
The quality assurance team might struggle with what and how to test,
leading to potential oversights
Poor architectural decisions are more likely to be made, impacting the
project’ s long-term sustainability
Short-sighted choices could incur signiﬁcant future costs
Additional hours may become necessary to meet deadlines, impacting
team morale and project budget s
And so it goes. If you breeze past these initial chapters, heed this playful
prophecy: thou shall not know peace in thy projects. Mornings will dawn
with the suspense of what fresh chaos awaits in your Slack chats. But fear
not! Be the guardian of ensuring all requirements align with these best prac -
tices. Do this, and thou art destined for a far more delightful existence as a
Spring developer .
What are business requirements?
Business r equir ements , product r equir ements , and functional r equir ements
are terms companies use to encapsulate the solutions their systems will pro -
vide to customer issues.
Understanding business requirements ﬁrst requires a grasp of what consti -
tutes a customer ’s problem.
So, what exactly is a problem?
Can you succinctly deﬁne a customer ’s issue? Many have an intuitive sense
of problems but struggle to articulate them clearly . It’s a common oversight
but many are unaware of their own gaps in specifying or handling business
requirements.
This gap in understanding can signiﬁcantly impact the quality of architec -
tural decisions.
I’ve seen numerous instances where teams went in circles, attempting to
pinpoint a product’ s purpose. However , with the simple concepts, deﬁni -
tions, and tools I’m about to introduce, or ganizing and clarifying business
needs becomes straightforward. Imagine converting weeks of circular dis -
cussions into a productive one-hour session. It’ s both powerful and
straightforward.
Let’s demystify business requirements with this simple yet profound deﬁni -
tion of a “ customer problem”:
A customer pr oblem arises fr om an undesirable situation .
This succinct phrase carries immense weight. It implies that software devel -
opment should always aim to transition customers from undesirable states
to solutions—desired states. Thus, your software should act as a gateway ,
guiding the customer away from their issue toward a resolution.
Now , getting back to what a business requirement is.
If we understand  a problem as an undesirable situation, and the solution as
the future, sought-after state, then the business requirement is essentially a
compilation of precise statements detailing the actions your software must
take to transition the customer from their current predicament to the desired
resolution.
Let’s delve deeper into this concept.
Crystal-clear needs – ensuring
businesses get requirements right
The methodology that we’ll discuss in this section helps to bring structure
and clarity to the conversation about requirements. I have developed it us -
ing core concepts I learned in the neuro-linguistic programming ﬁeld. While
we don’ t need to get into the technicalities of NLP  here, I think learning this
way of structuring business requirements will be beneﬁcial in helping you
understand the very nature of business requirements.
Business people will usually freely write about the characteristics of the so -
lutions they want to create. But, in fact, there are a few hidden variables at
play in that usual, free-text form. When you really understand them, you
will be able to spot gaps and missing pieces in any business requirements.
Visualizing timelines for problem-solving
Utilizing a visual timeline simpliﬁes the deﬁnition of a business require -
ment by focusing on two critical junctures: the present and future states .
The present state details the customer ’s current challenges, while the future
state envisions their circumstances after implementing your solution.
Visuals are super important, as we have discovered from brain science.
When we use pictures or diagrams, our brain just “lights up” in more
places. By using more of our neurons, we understand things better . Our
brain is really good at seeing and making sense of pictures. For example,
think about how we understand time like it’ s a straight line in our heads.
That’ s us using a picture to grasp a tricky concept. So, when we use visuals
to explain systems, it taps into our brain’ s strong suit of working with im -
ages, making it easier for us to get the hang of things, including very com -
plex business requirements. In short, using pictures isn’ t just helpful; it’ s a
smart and necessary way to make the most of how our brains like to learn
and solve things.
The following ﬁgure of fers a clear framework for understanding the trans -
formative journey your software facilitates for its users:
Figure 1.1 – From problem to solution by using software
For a comprehensive and ef fective business requirement document, it’ s es-
sential to compile statements that vividly illustrate the contrast between the
current and future states of the customer . Visualize this document as a two-
column layout: the left side details the customer ’s present, undesirable situ -
ation, while the right side outlines the desirable future state after using your
software. Importantly , the document must also specify how the software
will facilitate the customer ’s transition from the undesirable present to the
desirable future.
This structure not only clariﬁes the purpose and function of the software but
also ensures that all stakeholders have a shared understanding of the objec -
tives and the transformative potential of the project.
Taking the example of what problem social media platforms solve, we
could put the elements in a basic timeline:
Figure 1.2 – What problem does social media solve?
In the chart, we observe two contrasting phases that delineate life before
and after the advent of social media platforms.
On the  left side, the scenario depicts a time when customers faced chal -
lenges in swiftly and ef fortlessly staying updated with their friends’  lives on
a daily basis. The right side, conversely , portrays the transformative impact
of adopting social media, where customers enjoy the convenience of easily
and instantly connecting with friends, marking a signiﬁcant shift toward en -
hanced communication and social interaction.
This stark contrast highlights the role of social media platforms in bridging
communication gaps and fostering connections among users. Of course,
there are more problems solved by social media. This is just an example for
illustration purposes.
Crafting business requirements
Now that  we’ve delineated “problems” and “solutions” within our timeline
model, the next crucial step is a comprehensive description of your product.
Essentially , your product acts as the conduit transporting customers from
their current predicaments to the envisioned solutions.
To ensure your product delivers on its promise, it’ s vital to deﬁne the attrib -
utes and qualities required for it to ef fectively transition customers from
their “problem” state to the “solution” state. This is where the terms busi-
ness r equir ements , product r equir ements , or simply requir ements  come into
play, often used interchangeably across different or ganizations.
Crafting a complete set of business requirements typically involves a four-
step process:
1. Identify all the problems  faced by your customers that your product aims
to solve.
2. Deﬁne the solutions  to clearly articulate how your product should trans -
form the user experience.
3. Outline the high-level r equir ements  for each problem-solution pair , de-
tailing what is necessary to achieve the desired outcome.
Turn the high-level requirements into reﬁned r equir ements  for speciﬁc use
cases, business rules, and processes that will guide the development and im -
plementation of solutions.
For a more visual representation of these steps, take a look at this ﬁgure:
Figure 1.3 – From problems to reﬁned requirements
In the upcoming sections, we’ll dive deeper into each of these steps, provid -
ing a clear framework for translating customer needs into actionable prod -
uct features and functionalities.
Identifying customer’s key problems
Imagine you have recently joined a start-up called HomeIt —a company
specializing in helping tenants ﬁnd the perfect apartment that ﬁts their life-
style needs.
What could be the problems faced by tenants?
Here are some possible problems we can list. Remember , a “problem” is a
description of a present issue, or an undesirable situation faced by your tar-
get users:
Not all realtors are trustworthy
Rental property ads sometimes hide existing problems
Relationships with landlords and realtors can be difﬁcult to manage
There are a limited number of payment options available
Contracts take a long time to be ﬁnalized
There is a lack of good insurance options
What other problems can you imagine that tenants face during the experi -
ence of renting a home? Take some time to think about it before moving on
to the next section.
Creating a matrix of problem-solution statements
Now  that we have created a list of current problems tenants face, let’ s create
a list of possible solutions to each problem. There could be more than one
solution to each problem:
Not all realtors are trustworthy:
Provide a list of trustworthy realtors
Rental property ads sometimes hide existing problems:
Allow tenants to report issues not mentioned in the property ads that
they might ﬁnd when moving into a rental property
Compensate tenants when they ﬁnd unreported issues in rental
properties
A limited number of payment options are available:
Offer dif ferent types of payment options
Make payments easy and fast for all parties—realtors, landlords, and
tenants
Provide ﬁnancial guarantees for landlords, in case tenants cannot pay
their rent in a speciﬁc month
Provide a ﬁnancial guarantee for tenants, in case they cannot pay their
rent in a speciﬁc month
I’m not considering that some of these solutions might not be commercially
viable. The examples of fered here are for illustration purposes only .
Now that I have provided some solution samples, you can continue the ex -
ercise and provide new samples for the other problems mentioned in the
earlier section. You can also use the problem samples you came up with to
create new solutions.
Take some time to carry out this exercise before moving on to the next
section.
Describing the high-level requirements for a
solution
Now that we’ve  pinpointed the issues our customers face and the solutions
they need, let’ s outline the kind of software necessary to transition them
from facing problems to embracing solutions.
Consider this scenario for HomeIt:
Figure 1.4 – HomeIt problem and solution sample
What are the required features that the HomeIt system should provide in
this case?
Let’s work with some simple paragraphs that illustrate the product’ s value,
as an example:
Our system will equip every r ealtor with a business quality scor e, a 1- to 5-
star rating derived fr om feedback given by tenants and landlor ds after suc -
cessful dealings. This featur e will act like a trust meter , helping users make
informed decisions by choosing to partner with highly rated pr ofessionals.
Moreover , the HomeIt platform will include a mediation featur e, enabling
tenants, r ealtors, and landlor ds to addr ess and r esolve conﬂicts dir ectly
within our system. This ensur es that any bumps along the r oad can be
smoothed out efﬁciently , fostering a trusting and supportive community .
Additionally , HomeIt will offer insurance options for both tenants and land -
lords to safeguar d against unexpected incidents potentially caused by other
parties.
This trio of featur es—r eliable r ealtor ratings, straightforwar d conﬂict r eso-
lution, and compr ehensive insurance—lays the gr oundwork for a trusted en -
vironment wher e everyone can conduct business with peace of mind.
This sample  provides a broad overview , focusing on the general actions a
system should undertake to transition users from facing problems to enjoy -
ing solutions in the future.
At this stage, detailed speciﬁcs, business rules, or processes are less critical.
Think of this high-level requirement as the initial brainstorming phase,
which will be reﬁned later . While we could delve into some rules and de -
tails, the main objective now is to lay out ideas openly , without too much
concern for precision.
These overarching product requirements outline the vision of our solution.
Adopting this structured approach simpliﬁes identifying customer prob -
lems, envisioning goals that resolve these issues, and deﬁning requirements
to guide customers toward our envisioned system.
Now it’ s your turn. Reﬂect on the problems and solutions we’ve discussed
and outline some high-level requirements for the HomeIt start-up.
In upcoming chapters, we’ll delve into the “Reﬁne” phase, discussing use
cases, sequence diagrams, domains, and so on.
In the next section of this chapter , we’ll examine potential pitfalls in deﬁn -
ing business requirements. Those principles will save you a ton of time.
The pitfalls of product requirements
The following guidelines were learned through personal experience
throughout the years of working on dif ferent projects. Even multi-million-
dollar monthly revenue products could bear such mistakes. Letting these
things happen can cost the company a lot of extra time and money , and can
lead to technical debt, bad architecture design, delivery delays, and so on.
Learn from my experience; you don’ t want to let these mistakes happen to
you as well.
Are mock designs business requirements?
Though visual mockups and Figma designs are integral to software devel -
opment today , they are essentially interpretations of well-deﬁned business
requirements.
This is important to note, as sometimes you may question whether a mock
user journey for a feature will actually and fully deliver the requirements.
As a software engineer and analyst, it is also your responsibility to double-
check whether the suggested visuals will lead to issues during development,
in the user journey , or in performance—or even if the visuals identify busi -
ness rules that were not made explicit in the business requirements and use
cases (more about use cases in the next chapter).
In instances where visual representations are provided without explicit busi -
ness requirements, development risks become pronounced. Clear , written
statements deﬁning the product team’ s expectations are indispensable for a
smooth development process.
Requirements should not express
technology choices
It’s common in our ﬁeld to encounter business requirements that prescribe
technical methods for implementing a feature. However , it’s crucial to un -
derstand that technical suggestions should not be confused with what de -
ﬁnes a “ business requirement.”
Falling into the habit of treating technology directives within requirements
as non-negotiable can trap you into limited choices, closing of f the possibil -
ity of discovering better solutions. This practice can create signiﬁcant blind
spots for businesses.
Another downside of incorporating technology choices into business re -
quirements is it can limit the product team to the capabilities of the chosen
technologies. The development team, with its deep understanding of various
technologies and their trade-of fs, is better positioned to determine the most
suitable technology for meeting the requirements.
Pointing out  that business requirements should avoid containing technical
instructions opens up opportunities for the product team to deﬁne features
more broadly , with more freedom of thinking. This approach allows for
more innovation, giving the development team the freedom to select the op -
timal implementation methods.
Does a customer know the problems they
are experiencing?
It’s quite fascinating that some problems are invisible to customers until so -
lutions are presented. Often, innovative companies are the ones that shed
light on these hidden issues, of fering solutions to problems customers didn’ t
even know they had. Indeed, customers might be in less-than-ideal situa -
tions without realizing there’ s an alternative.
Consider the invention of social media platforms. They introduced a new
way for people to quickly share and receive updates from friends. Initially ,
this service was catered to tech-savvy individuals while others were hesitant
or unaware of its beneﬁts. I remember trying to get my friends on board, but
they were largely indif ferent.
Over time, however , social media has become a universal tool, with even
tech-averse grandparents ﬁnding value in staying connected. Today , it’s
hard to ﬁnd someone who doesn’ t use at least one social media platform.
My grandmother , for instance, is now more active on Instagram than I am,
and she thoroughly enjoys it.
This shift highlights how social media addressed a need that was once un -
recognized. Initially seen as unnecessary by many , it has now become inte -
gral to our daily communication.
Are solutions the final step?
Of course, every situation can represent a problem. In such a way , moving
the customer to a solution state might actually reveal new situations that
could represent problems.
Take our social media scenario as an example. People ﬂock to these plat -
forms for the chance to stay connected with a wide circle of friends and in -
ﬂuencers across various life stages. It’ s a modern marvel of connectivity .
Yet, here’ s the twist: becoming an avid social media user can lead to spend -
ing excessive hours scrolling, a potential drain on one’ s time, and a source
of envy and psychological strain from constant comparison. Not to mention
the encouragement to overshare, risking privacy for a moment of online
validation. It’ s a paradox, right? This incredible solution to foster connec -
tions simultaneously breeds a host of new challenges.
This cycle is the heartbeat of innovation. Every solution we devise sheds
light on new areas for improvement, signaling endless opportunities for re -
ﬁning and evolving our products. Developing software, much like navigat -
ing the waters of social media, is an ongoing cycle of release, feedback, and
iteration.
Breaking the curse of technical debt
A technical debt  is akin to a ﬁnancial debt in the realm of software develop -
ment. It represents coding choices that, while expedient, may lead to com -
plications down the line:
Code lacking automated tests is more susceptible to disruptions from
changes
Poorly designed software can compromise system stability in live
environments
An inefﬁcient delivery pipeline might result in downtime during updates
In my experience across various companies, balancing technical debt repay -
ment with feature development isn’ t always straightforward. Many teams
prioritize new features over addressing underlying issues. Here’ s how we
can shift that mindset.
Incorporating technical debt solutions into feature
delivery
Make it a standard practice to include refactoring ef forts with feature up -
dates. This approach ensures that with most new deliveries, we’re also en -
hancing the system’ s architecture and engineering quality .
Actively seek opportunities to integrate refactoring into your technical solu -
tions for product implementations. It’ s part of our responsibility to preempt
potential issues by improving the system proactively .
A very simple example here would be to mandate the creation of automated
tests with every release. This should not only cover new features but also
extend testing coverage to existing functionalities that might be under -test-
ed. This strategy gradually increases our system’ s reliability , instilling
greater conﬁdence in its performance in live settings.
By treating technical debt with the seriousness it deserves, we can ensure a
more stable, efﬁcient, and future-proof software ecosystem.
Clarifying how technical debts are letting users
down
By examining technical debt and tracing its ef fects on the user journey , we
can identify and measure the problems it causes within the system. Here’ s
how technical debt might be letting your users down:
Performance issues : Similar to being stuck in a trafﬁc jam, technical
debt can slow down processes to the point of user abandonment
Data inconsistencies : Users may lose or see their critical data messed
up, leading to frustration and trust issues
Poor  usability : Complex, unintuitive, or ﬂat-out non-working interfaces
can confuse users, making them disappointed or irritated
Deployment delays : Slower updates mean users wait longer for im -
provements and the company’ s time to market can be very badly af fected
To truly understand the impact, take the time to quantify how many users
are af fected by speciﬁc instances of technical debt and the severity of these
impacts.
When you can directly link poor design decisions to user dissatisfaction,
quantifying the wasted time, money , and ef fort and convincing your product
team to prioritize resolving technical debt become signiﬁcantly easier .
Making these connections clear is crucial to advocating for the necessary
changes to improve your users’  experience.
If you put a dollar sign to the issues created by technical debt and prove
there is a lot of money waste going on, it is basically impossible for the
high managers not to prioritize those changes.
Both strategies—making tech debt payment a part of the current release de -
velopment tasks and measuring the direct user impact—are quite good for
gradually allowing the system’ s improvements to come about more easily .
Dense documentation
In the realm of bad agile practices, it’ s not uncommon to stumble upon re -
quirements documents that are so dense with information that they become
indecipherable. This method harks back to the early 2000s when software
was delivered on installation CDs, and development cycles could stretch
from six months to several years to roll out a bundled update of features.
Fast forward  to today , where applications often consist of a network of mi -
croservices, occasionally accompanied by legacy monolithic systems. This
shift means updates are handled feature by feature, or even partial updates
are released daily in production, until a whole feature is ready to be enabled
with a feature ﬂag. Realistically , a feature’ s description shouldn’ t sprawl
across more than 1,000 lines, let alone span hundreds of pages.
If you ﬁnd yourself navigating a sea of details for upcoming feature releas -
es, expected to launch everything simultaneously ... it’s time to voice your
concerns. Launching a product this way severely deviates from agile princi -
ples, which in general are great for implementing smooth transitions and
improvements on user journeys. Being of f-track from those good agile prac -
tices signiﬁcantly increases the risk of things going awry . Let’ s not for get
that in the digital age, agility and clarity aren’ t just nice to have; they’re es -
sential to success.
Vague documentation
On the ﬂip side, encountering requirements documents that of fer nothing
more than high-level business goals raises a signiﬁcant red ﬂag. This lack of
detail brings developers to a standstill, unable to initiate coding due to miss -
ing processes and business rules.
Developers, while adept at translating complex user needs into functional
code, aren’ t typically versed in the intricacies of business operations.
They’re tech enthusiasts, focused on the latest and greatest in technology ,
not the minute details of a speciﬁc market or the legal nuances of a product.
Their strength lies in building, not in divining the unspoken needs of the
business or its customers.
In today’ s fast-evolving tech landscape, ﬁnding talented developers who
also grasp user needs is increasingly feasible. These developers, akin to ex -
plorers in the vast universe of technology , are always on the lookout for the
next ground-breaking tech. Their journey , however , often takes them far
from the realms of market speciﬁcs and legal intricacies surrounding a
product. Unlike product and support teams, who interact closely with cus -
tomers, developers might not have the same depth of understanding of cus -
tomer needs or the legal frameworks that shape product development.
If you’re handed requirements that feel more like a teaser than a script, it’ s
crucial to push back. Request the full story—complete ﬂows and business
rules—from the product team. Diving into project planning without this in -
formation forces a shift away from your technological expertise and into a
realm where, despite your best ef forts, the results may not align with the
project’ s needs. Remember , your primary role is to bring technical solutions
to life, not to guess the missing pieces of the business puzzle.
Looking beyond the happy path
In the world of product development, requirement documents often paint a
picture where everything runs smoothly , a scenario we fondly refer to as the
happy path . It’s like envisioning a road trip with perfect weather and no
trafﬁc jams; however , reality begs for a plan B.
Effective requirement documents delve into the realm of “what ifs” to en-
sure robustness:
What if users stray from the intended use of the product?
What if there’ s a hiccup in the system’ s performance?
What if our third-party services temporarily go down?
Good requirements anticipate and plan for any less-than-ideal situation.
Ensuring that the requirements document is equipped to navigate the “bad
days” is essential. By planning for exceptions and bad scenarios, we equip
ourselves to face challenges head-on, and the system will be much more
prepared from the start.
Disregarding other business areas and
processes
Occasionally , a product manager will provide requirements that do not ac -
count for what should happen in other company areas. In product develop -
ment, ensuring every department is ready to play their part is key to launch -
ing a successful service.
Let’s say your company tasks you with developing a groundbreaking new
service for the website. You and your team deliver this service to production
at an astonishing pace, passing every quality and user acceptance test with
ﬂying colors. The launch is a success, customers are thrilled, and purchases
are through the roof. But then, a curveball: the department responsible for
delivering this service was out of the loop during development. Suddenly ,
there’ s a bottleneck—they’re unprepared for the unique requirements of this
new of fering.
No matter the size of your or ganization, it’ s vital to ensure no department is
left in the dark; to ensure that, you can do the following:
Engage all relevant departments from the start.
Ask probing questions to understand how this service integrates into the
broader company ecosystem.
Ensure the business requirements document reﬂects the roles and needs
of every sector .
Have documents signed of f by all possible departments, even from the
ones not impacted by the changes. It is always good to demonstrate
which teams are not involved as well.
By adopting a holistic approach to project planning, you not only prevent
last-minute hurdles but also foster a culture of collaboration and innovation.
Assuming too much about other areas
It’s not rare to see product folks bring requirements that might not fully
grasp how dif ferent parts of the company interact.
For instance, consider you’re working on the product mentioned earlier , and
you need to forward a request to the shipping department. It’ s crucial not to
proceed, even during testing, without ﬁrst syncing up with the development
team in that area.
This advice ties back to a key point: has the requirements document been
approved by all crucial stakeholders across the company? It’ s essential for
this document to be vetted by those who understand the intricacies of our
various systems and departments.
Imagine you’re about to embark on a journey . You wouldn’ t start without a
map that everyone agrees on, right? Jumping into coding based on an
unchecked document is like navigating with a misleading map. You risk fol -
lowing the wrong path, built on assumptions that might not stand.
Summary
That’ s a wrap on this chapter . We’ve delved into the dos and don’ ts of craft -
ing business requirements that pave the way for successful software
development.
Here’ s the key takeaway: impeccable, well-or ganized requirements don’ t
just support good architecture—they’re the foundation. A great system de -
sign stems from clearly articulated business needs. Remember , you’re set -
ting the stage for success right from the start.
It’s your turn now: set aside some time to think about some existing prob -
lem that would be interesting to solve. Do not take this exercise too serious -
ly. Just be playful and pretend you’re able to solve any problem with soft -
ware. You can work a bit more with the HomeIt scenario. From the start-up
problems we laid out, consider the following:
Expand to other existing problems in the rental properties sector .
Create a vision that could represent the solutions to the problems you
have imagined.
Write some high-level requirements to deliver the solutions you deﬁned.
Remember , it is possible to imagine several dif ferent requirements and
features to strengthen a desired solution.
In the next chapter , we will talk about how to or ganize requirements into
use cases, stories, and everything related to adding details, cycles, ﬂows,
and business rules to your requirements. We will bring life and joy to the vi -
sions we created with the high-level requirements you learned in this
chapter .
2
Sorting Complex Requirements into
Features, Use Cases, and Stories
In this chapter , we will continue our conversation about how to structure
strong requirements. In the previous chapter , we created high-level require -
ments. Although useful for setting the direction of the products we are go -
ing to create, they are vague. In other words, they do not tell the whole sto -
ry. They lack details that would allow us to start writing our software. If you
have too many details at that phase, you have done it wrong.
In this chapter , we will look at the following topics:
Naming the distinct features of your product
Identifying actors, events, life cycles, stages, types, levels, and loops
Creating user journeys, use cases, and stories
Structuring the ﬁnal business requirements document
Which of these artifacts should come ﬁrst?
Scaling results with long-term business requirements
If high-level requirements are the “bones” of a system development
process, this chapter revolves around the “muscles,” “skin,” and “or gans.”
We are going to ground the visions and dreams of high-level business re -
quirements by distinguishing speciﬁc features, life cycles, use cases, and
roles. These elements allow us to start projecting domains, which will even -
tually become well-designed Spring services. Let’ s now get started.
Naming the distinct features of your
product
In this section, we will go back to our HomeIt startup example. But before
that, it is important to clarify something.
The previous chapter was all about expanding our ideas. We were in brain -
storming mode. During a brainstorming process, we don’ t care too much
about structure or speciﬁcs. Brainstorming is meant to be an exercise in free
thinking and creativity . We don’ t want to constrain ourselves too much with
the how but are instead interested in the what .
This awareness is profoundly critical in software development. You don’ t
want to limit your thinking by asking, “Is this solution even possible? How
is this supposed to work? Who is going to build this? Which technology are
we using to create this service?” Those reality-inquiring questions should
come later in the process, and understanding this is key .
Now , after a blatant exercise in mind expansion in Chapter 1 , we will add
more structure to our product requirements. To do that, recap the high-level
product requirements we imagined in Chapter 1  for the HomeIt startup
system.
To maintain clarity at this stage, we should identify and name the dif ferent
solution requirements. By naming them, they will be easier to refer to. Here
are the features of our HomeIt system:
Realtor quality score
Mediation
Insurance
Now , let’s proceed to the next step: identifying the structure of the system
we want to create.
Identifying actors, events, life
cycles, stages, types, levels, and
loops
By understanding the conﬂicts and dif ferent features of our system, we
know where our customers are and where we want to lead them. The next
step is to ensure we understand the real structure of our system. In other
words, what are the key elements that will enable the journey to the future
solution we want to provide?
The following sections are crucial for understanding how to dissect your
product requirements and uncovering many of the hidden features you
could offer users.
Who will perform actions in your system?
Returning to our HomeIt startup idea, we have a variety of actors within our
system. Each of these actors will be allowed to perform a well-deﬁned set
of actions. We can also refer to actors as roles in our system.
Let’s take a quick look at some of the actors:
Tenants : Users who will join the website to search for rental properties.
Landlords : Users who will make their rental properties available to
tenants.
Realtors : Users who will facilitate the rental agreement. They are the
people who connect tenants to landlords.
Admins : Users who have extremely high administrative privileges in the
system. These admin tasks include, for instance, blocking users who
have attempted to commit fraud.
As illustrated with the admins, a system doesn’ t just comprise the end users
on the website; it also includes several dif ferent ﬂows and possibilities, in -
corporating internal users to whom we need to provide special permissions
to assist in operating the system.
Here are other examples of internal users:
Legal : Users who can edit contract models that landlords could use.
Finance operators : Users responsible for ensuring the payment systems
are functioning correctly , performing tasks such as authorizing refunds
from insurance policies on the website.
Mediators : Users responsible for conducting conﬂict resolution between
two roles on the website. The goal of the mediator is to ensure dif ferent
users can get along and reach an agreement in the case of disputes.
Imagine some other actors for our HomeIt system, but be aware of the chal -
lenges that might come with them.
IDENTIFYING KEY ROLES IN A SYSTEM
Just as with our HomeIt system, in every system analysis you conduct with
your pr oduct team, you will have to go thr ough the pr ocess of identifying
the key r oles/actors. Some pr oduct teams will have those r oles very well de -
ﬁned. However , in some cases, some r oles ar e not very well distinguished in
the pr oduct r equir ements. If you can spot the missing r oles, you will pr ovide
a lot of value to the company . This will also facilitate system development
and architectur e decisions.
Now that we understand the basics about who is going to take action in our
system, the next step is to reveal the system ﬂows. Let’ s take the ﬁrst step to
make that happen.
Defining critical events for each actor
Once we identify the key roles in your system, it’ s time to understand the
power they will have. In this context, we will refer to these powers or ac -
tions as critical events . In other words, what are the possible behaviors we
want to allow for each role?
In the case of the HomeIt system, we know we are providing tenants with a
more trustworthy experience in choosing the right rental properties. You
probably noticed that we are also allowing landlords to partner with real -
tors, which can bring beneﬁts to both.
Let’s go through some exercises for critical events, so you have a better un -
derstanding of how these can be identiﬁed. In this case, we will start from
ground zero, but in the market, it is much more common to have many of
these already deﬁned by the product team. You will need to be aware that
many critical events could be missing. Try to identify those missing events
as early as possible. This is important to help you plan the right architecture
and the best services.
Critical events for tenants
The critical events we see in this section are the actions our tenants will be
able to perform in the system.
Let’s start with an exercise. Think of all the functionalities a tenant will
need. This can be anything from registering themselves as a tenant to
searching for properties to making an of fer. But one thing to bear in mind is
that, when conducting this exercise, you may identify events that are not re -
lated to the key features we distinguished in the previous sections (such as
mediation, insurance, and realtor quality score). These new events will then
belong to new features that we must identify .
The way we or ganize it works as follows: after listing all possible events we
want to implement in the system, we will assign  each event to the features
we want those critical events to be part of. These features could be anything
from signing up to searching for a property .
The following list essentially attributes each event to one of the features:
Sign up: Register a tenant account on the website
Property search:
Search for rental properties
View rental property details
People search:
Search for realtors
View a realtor proﬁle page
Property rental:
Schedule a visit to a property
Make a rental of fer
Sign a rental contract
Payment: Pay for a rental contract
Messaging:
Send messages to a realtor
Send messages to a landlord
Notiﬁcation: View the latest updates – new messages, contract updates,
etc.
Cancellation: Cancel a rental contract
People search: Search for a landlord
Realtor quality score: Give a rating to a realtor
These actions, or critical events, represent what we might allow our users to
perform in this system.
One key characteristic of critical events is that even though they might not
have a clear and complete description of what it takes to perform each
event, they do provide a much more comprehensive list of possible actions
compared to the high-level requirements.
Let’s now proceed to examine the next set of roles and their respective criti-
cal events.
Critical events for landlords
Of course, creating our HomeIt system involves more than just enabling
tenants to act on the website or mobile app. We also need to allow realtors
and landlords to interact, so that these three roles can bring value to the
market.
In this step, we delve deeper into the world of landlords. What kind of criti -
cal events will we allow them to perform? Here are some examples, along
with the features we expect to assign those events to:
Sign up:
Register as a landlord
Fill in their personal details
Rental property registration:
Register a new rental property
Set available dates for accepting visitors to their property
Enable/disable a property for renting
Realtor partnership: Approve/reject a realtor in a property
People search:
View a realtor ’s proﬁle details
View a tenant’ s proﬁle details
Property rental: Approve a rental of fer
Account:
View the rental account balance
Withdraw funds from the rental account
Another interesting aspect of writing critical events is that you should be
able to almost visualize the user taking the action. You might not be able to
picture every visual detail of the system, but with critical events, you will
always have a sense of an action taking place. This perspective helps in
grounding abstract ideas into tangible functionalities that contribute signiﬁ -
cantly to the UX and the overall system design.
Critical events involve individuals taking steps to achieve their goals within
the system. These steps should guide them toward the solution envisioned
in the high-level requirements.
Some systems will always have standard features, such as the signup
process and the ability to view another user ’s proﬁle, among others. It’ s es-
sential to always remember these core features; otherwise, you might leave
open gaps and missing pieces, making it difﬁcult to fully describe your sys -
tem in a consistent and realistic manner .
Now , over to you: What other critical events would you assign to landlords
in this system? Remember , we have some named features that have not
been touched upon at this point. For example, we have not assigned any
critical events that would represent the mediation or insurance features we
discussed earlier .
Compile a list of critical events for the mediation or insurance features for
landlords. After completing this exercise, you can move on to explore some
examples of critical events for realtors.
Critical events for realtors
The same as the last two sections, we will create a sample of the critical
events for realtors. Let’ s take a look at them here:
Property search:
Search for rental properties
View a rental property’ s details page
Realtor partnership:
Send a partnership proposal for a property
Cancel a partnership proposal
Set available dates for accepting visitors to a property
Messaging: Read messages related to a rental property
Account:
View the account balance
Withdraw the account balance
Mediation: Open a dispute with a realtor/tenant
Now it’ s your turn: What else do you think realtors could be doing in the
system? What other critical events could occur that would provide value for
both tenants and landlords?
Before moving on to the next step, take some time to think about critical
events for realtors. Also, consider the other roles in our system. What could
mediators, ﬁnance operations, legal, and admins be doing to provide value
and facilitate interactions among our three key external roles (tenants, real -
tors, and landlords)?
As you can see, planning the vision for a system from scratch is a consider -
able task. It all starts with understanding the key problems, brainstorming
solutions, creating high-level requirements, and then expanding these re -
quirements into a list of roles and critical events.
Now , let us lay down the key features of our system. This is a pre-condition
for something even more important, which is or ganizing the events
timeline.
Listing the main features of the system
So far , we have explored and identiﬁed some interesting new features in
this exercise, and I hope you have also identiﬁed some new ones through
your free-thinking exercises.
Here are the current features we have found:
Property sear ch: The ability for users to search for rental properties and
view their details
Realtor  partnership : The ability for realtors to partner with landlords
and present their properties to new tenants
Messaging : The ability for users to exchange messages
Account : The ability for users to manage their account balances in the
system
Mediation : The ability for users to have conﬂicts resolved within the
platform
Rental pr operty r egistration : The ability for landlords to manage their
properties in the system
Payment : The ability for tenants to pay for their rent
People sear ch: The ability for users to search for other users in the
system
Realtor  quality scor e: The reputation system for realtors
Cancellation : The ability for tenants to cancel their rental contracts
What other features have you discovered during your system exploration?
Now , let’s move to the next step in our system analysis: creating a feature
timeline.
Extracting a feature’s events timeline
Now that we have brainstormed several events for each role and identiﬁed
many new key features, we need to explore how to detail a single feature
and place it on a timeline. This means describing each feature through an
ordered sequence of critical events.
Additionally , we aim to create this feature timeline in such a way that we
can also map the dependencies of a given feature. In other words, what is
the proper order of events over time, and what conditions must be met by
the user in order to utilize that feature?
In this section, we will not delve into every feature we’ve discovered so far .
That would require a lot of pages and time, and this book is about creating
systems with the Spring Framework. We will run through a few key exam -
ples, and it is up to you to apply your feature thinking by following the
same process for other features we have discovered.
SHOULD WE FULLY REPLACE UX/UI WORK WITH THE
TECHNIQUES IN THIS CHAPTER?
You might look at the following pages and wonder: Is the author pr oposing
that we r eplace the standar d practices of UX/UI r esear ch with the tools laid
out her e? My answer is, “No!” W e should never consider these pages as
replacements for pr oper market r esear ch and specialized UX/UI method -
ologies. The pages her e are meant to complement the work of gr eat pr ofes-
sionals in their UX r esear ch. This is simply a way to write event sequences
in a very “dry ,” straight-to-the-point manner . This will aid engineers in
making mor e sense of the systems they ar e building. However , occasionally ,
you might ﬁnd that ther e are many gaps in how even UX work is being con -
ducted in a speciﬁc pr oject. In such instances, you might r esort to crafting
timelines to help r eﬁne pr oduct and business r equir ements.
Let’s take a ﬁrst shot at creating timelines for some of the most important
features in the HomeIt system.
Organizing the sign-up feature on a timeline
There are no prerequisites for performing this task, since this is step 1 of us -
ing Homelt. You can follow these steps to or ganize the sign-up feature:
1. The user lands on the initial website page.
2. The system validates the provided information.
3. If necessary , the user can correct any invalid or missing information.
4. The user submits the information.
5. The account is successfully created, and the user is now logged in.
Notice that we are ordering the events, but we are not assuming too much
about the speciﬁc information needed at this point. We are drilling down
enough to understand, at a high level, how the events should be or ganized
in the feature.
Now , let’s move on to the next feature.
Organizing the rental property registration on a
timeline
To organize the rental property registration on a timeline, there must be a
registered landlord who is in the main logged-in area. Then, the following
steps are carried out:
1. The landlord chooses the option to add a new rental property .
2. The landlord provides the required information to register the rental
property .
3. The system validates the information sent.
4. The landlord corrects the rental property information if needed.
5. The landlord ﬁnishes submitting all the information (description, ad -
dress, price, etc.).
6. The landlord lands on the new property page, which now has an inactive
status.
7. The system presents an option for the landlord to upload media ﬁles (pic -
tures or videos).
8. The landlord chooses the option to upload the media ﬁles.
9. The landlord provides the required media ﬁles to register the rental
property .
10. The rental property moves to the processing media ﬁles status.
11. The system starts to process the provided media materials (results to be
deﬁned).
12. When the media process is ﬁnished, the rental property moves to the
ready  status.
13. The landlord is presented with the option to publish  the rental property
and make it available to tenants and realtors.
14. The landlord selects the option to publish the rental property .
15. The rental property is now in the published  status, available when using
the property search feature.
As you can see, this speciﬁc feature outlines what we call an object life cy -
cle. The rental property begins in an “inactive” state, then progresses
through the statuses of “processing media ﬁles,” “ready ,” and ﬁnally “pub -
lished” as the landlord advances through the various steps of the feature.
We will delve deeper into life cycles in the subsequent sections and chapters
of the book. However , it is evident that identifying life cycles is only possi -
ble when we carefully lay out a feature through critical events on a timeline.
Organizing the property search feature on a timeline
To organize the property search feature, it is required that there be a regis -
tered landlord who has registered a rental property . The rental property is in
the “published” state. An optional requirement is a registered tenant. The
following steps are carried out:
1. The user lands on the ﬁrst page of the HomeIt website.
2. An unregistered/registered user types in the desired rental property loca -
tion in the search bar of the ﬁrst page (ZIP  code, street name, state, city,
etc.).
3. The user can provide a ﬁlter for ordering (by price, ascending or de -
scending; by street name; by proximity; etc.).
4. The system provides a list of the listed properties found and their respec -
tive pictures.
5. The user can view the pictures for each property in the list.
6. The user can click to see the details page for the listed property and view
all the information the landlord has provided.
As you can notice, this feature has many requirements or prerequisites. This
means that other features should be present before we are able to use this
one. This starts to give us some clues about which features should be devel -
oped ﬁrst. But there is much more to consider , which we will explore by the
end of this chapter . Now , let’s move on to another interesting feature.
Organizing the realtor partnership on a timeline
The prerequisites for or ganizing the realtor partnership are a registered real -
tor, a registered landlord, a registered rental property , and the property
search functionality implemented. It is also required that the realtor and
landlord are logged in. The following steps are carried out:
1. The realtor is logged in and, after searching for a property , lands on a
property details page.
2. The realtor selects the Partner with the Landlor d option.
3. The realtor informs which days of the week they are available to receive
tenants in the property .
4. The realtor speciﬁes the time of day they are available on each day of the
week to receive visitors.
5. The realtor indicates the percentage of the rent they want to receive as a
partner .
6. The realtor ﬁnishes submitting the partnership proposal.
7. The partnership proposal is now in the pending partnership approval
state.
8. The landlord views a list of their current partnership proposals.
9. The landlord visits one of the partnership proposals.
10. The landlord can view the realtor ’s information on the proposal page
(user details, address, quality score, available days and hours to receive
visitors, etc.).
11. The landlord chooses to accept the partnership proposal.
12. The partnership moves to approved status.
13. The realtor can see the approved partnership in the partnerships list.
14. The realtor ’s contact information is now shown on the rental property
page.
In this feature, several important aspects need to be noted. The ﬁrst is that
this feature depends on a lot of prerequisites and involves interaction be -
tween two dif ferent users. Just like in the rental property object case, there
is now a life cycle deﬁned for the partnership object. These objects move
from the pending partnership approval to approved status. We have also re -
ferred to a “list of partnerships” in the description, but we have not deﬁned
that feature anywhere so far . That is, we need to be aware that when writing
a feature in a clear timeline, we will often reveal the need for other essential
features. This new list feature should now be included in the prerequisites
section as well.
This feature description only refers to the “happy path” – when a successful
partnership is celebrated. Remember what we discussed in Chapter 1 , when
we talked about mapping possible errors and mistakes the users could
make. We should also address questions such as what happens if the land -
lord rejects or never responds to the partnership proposal.
As you can see, things can become quite complicated over time when it
comes to complex features. Now , let’s move on to the last two features we
want to outline here.
Organizing the property rental feature on a timeline
For this section, it is required that there is a registered landlord, a registered
rental property , the property search functionality , and a registered tenant
who is logged In. Along with that, we also need payment methods and
HomeIt’ s ﬁnance details.
Here are the steps:
1. The tenant visits a property page.
2. The tenant selects the option to send a rental proposal to the landlord.
3. The tenant reviews a rental agreement contract and signs it in the system.
4. After the signing, a rental proposal is created in the pending approval
status.
5. The landlord reviews the rental proposal and visualizes the relevant ten -
ant information (to be deﬁned).
6. The landlord chooses the option to accept the rental proposal.
7. A rental agreement document is produced with both electronic
signatures.
8. The rental proposal moves to the accepted status.
9. The tenant is informed that the rental proposal was approved.
10. The tenant chooses the option to select a payment method.
11. The tenant sends the payment information.
12. The payment is carried out successfully .
13. HomeIt gets its share of the payment in the company account.
14. The realtor , if there is one, gets their share of the payment directly in
their account.
15. The landlord gets the outstanding amount in their account
16. Every month, the payment happens again, and all parties receive their
share of the amount
This is a very complex feature we have outlined, and the following observa -
tions need to be added here:
There are possibly three users interacting in this ﬂow: tenants, realtors,
and landlords.
The HomeIt ﬁnance workﬂow needs to be in place so that the company
can receive its share of the payments.
There is a recurring loop in this ﬂow , which is the monthly payments that
need to occur .
This feature must also be expanded to accommodate exceptional use cas -
es, such as the following:
What if the payment does not go through in a month due to a system
failure?
What if the user (tenant) does not have the balance to pay for the rent
in a given month?
When distributing the payment share to each party , what if one of the
transfers fails?
What other exceptional behavior can you ﬁnd here?
We have several possible payment methods available. In fact, depending
on the countries where HomeIt will operate, there could be dozens of
different payment methods available:
Different payment methods operate in dif ferent ways. Therefore, a
critical question here is: How can we prepare this system to receive
payments in the most ﬂexible manner , making it easy to quickly inte -
grate payments from dif ferent countries as soon as possible?
This type of analysis summarizes some of the critical steps we need to take
in order to create the proper requirements for a system. It can become com -
plicated over time. However , that is what software engineering is all about:
ensuring that we can lay out the requirements as clearly as possible so that
our architecture choices are made easier in the future.
Simplifying requirements
From all these exercises, you might think that implementing these require -
ments will take a lot of time, and you are right. Demanding that the devel -
opment team implements every feature perfectly before publishing a web -
site will make it very complicated and costly . That is not typically what we
do in the world of software development. Perfect requirements are not al -
ways possible to implement. So, how do we proceed with a more practical
approach in light of such complexity?
In cases where the requirements become too complex, costly , and time-con -
suming to develop, one critical approach is to reduce the scope of the work.
To establish our online presence with minimal cost, we can reimagine the
HomeIt system to achieve similar results with simpler features.
This is what we refer to as scope r eduction . By omitting certain features,
we can achieve a successful release within a shorter timeframe.
A simple example of simplifying complex requirements in the context of
the HomeIt system study could be as follows:
We can begin by developing a basic website that enables landlords to
register their accounts and list their rental properties. We will exclude
registration features for other user types.
HomeIt will initially not process monthly rent payments.
By omitting many other features, we ensure the website launches with the
essential components to establish an online presence. Additional features
can then be incorporated over time. This approach is known as a roadmap .
Now , let’s delve deeper into the stages and loops within our system.
Understanding stages, levels, types, life
cycles, and loops
Every system will be built using a combination of stages, levels, types, life
cycles, and loops. Let’ s deﬁne them now for our understanding.
Stages
This means a series of “phases” or “statuses” an entity will go through
across time as the user progresses in their journey . In the HomeIt system, so
far, we have stages for the following objects:
Rental pr operty : Inactive, processing media ﬁles, and published
Partnership pr oposal : Pending partnership approval, accepted, and
rejected
Rental pr oposal : Pending approval, accepted, and rejected
Think of stages as the maturity steps an object could be represented within
your system. It is common to have stages represented by a “status” attribute
in the object, meaning we could monitor an object at dif ferent developmen -
tal steps over time.
Levels
A “level” is a set of distinctive features or qualities that you might want
your entities to acquire in a system that makes it stand out from other ob -
jects on other levels. One key aspect of creating levels for an object is that
any object could potentially navigate through the levels and be enriched in
its life cycle. As the object evolves in your system, it achieves dif ferent lev -
els and gathers more value and some privileges.
In other words, during the evolution of an object in the system, dif ferent
levels could be attributed to it, each bringing special properties to the ob -
ject. In our HomeIt startup, so far , we have not found any dif ferent levels in
the requirements. However , we could design some, such as the following:
Realtors : To provide incentives for our realtors, we could implement a
tiered system based on reputation score. Newly registered realtors could
be designated as Bronze Realtors, limited to partnering with no more
than four rental properties. Upon achieving a reputation score of 3 stars,
they would become Gold realtors, with the ability to partner with up to
10 rental properties. Realtors with a reputation score of ﬁve stars would
be designated as Diamond Realtors, with no limit on the number of
rental properties they can partner with.
Landlords : Incentives for landlords could involve reducing fees based
on the number of active rental agreements. For example, having ﬁve si -
multaneous agreements could result in a 10 percent fee discount.
Tenants : To incentivize tenants and landlords, discounts on insurance
prices could be of fered based on the rental property’ s history . Properties
rented without any incidents for a certain number of months would qual -
ify for lower insurance prices. This creates a quality tier system, where
higher -quality properties result in lower insurance prices, making them
more appealing to tenants and encouraging landlords to maintain their
properties well.
You can think of levels as “ascending layers” for objects in the system.
They serve as a way to distinguish valuable behaviors in our systems and
grant more rights, permissions, power , bonuses, or privileges to the best
users.
Types
An object could have dif ferent types within a system. A clear example in
our HomeIt startup is the various roles we have identiﬁed. While all actors
are “users” on the website, they possess dif ferent characteristics because
they aim to accomplish dif ferent tasks within the system.
We could design other types, such as the following:
Property types : By distinguishing between houses and apartments in the
HomeIt system, we can implement more ef fective ﬁlters to better serve
our customers in the property search feature
Rental agr eement types : Offering a variety of agreements can be useful
to represent dif ferent types of insurance with varying coverages and
clauses
Think of types as a means to distinguish between completely dif ferent pack -
ages of attributes and behaviors that an object could possess in the system.
We are not necessarily suggesting that one type is superior to another;
rather , they are simply distinct and serve different purposes.
Life cycles and loops
You can think of a life cycle as the progression of an object across different
levels or stages over time. It is crucial to distinguish and represent life cy -
cles visually to better understand and communicate all the possibilities in
the system.
By allowing life cycles to emer ge, we can create state diagrams, which be -
come key artifacts for developers. With these state diagrams, we can map
test cases with a high degree of accuracy .
In our HomeIt startup case study , we can visualize life cycles for several
objects. Let’ s go through some examples. The ﬁrst one is the rental pr operty
life cycle :
Figure 2.1: Rental property life cycle
As you can see in Figur e 2.1, visually representing stages of the rental
property life cycle – in this case, moving from inactive to processing media
ﬁles to published – makes it easier to understand the entire history of an ob -
ject in the system. Additionally , when transitioning to dif ferent stages, we
can visually identify the triggers that cause the transition to occur .
Next, let’ s visualize the life cycle of realtor levels :
Figure 2.2: Realtor levels life cycle
As you can see in Figur e 2.2, the reputation levels we created for the sys -
tem allow a realtor to move from lower levels to upper levels, then to lower
levels again. Sometimes an object’ s life cycle will become a loop. In fact,
we can consider that our users will always go through a loop in our system,
since they can start as newly registered users from the “outside world,” be -
come customers, then go inactive for a while, and eventually reactivate their
account.
Understanding the user ’s life cycle as an overarching loop is important be -
cause we want to develop retention strategies in our systems. See the last
diagram in this example:
Figure 2.3 – Tenant’ s website loop
Finally , as in Figur e 2.3, we have a more general description of the condi -
tions that create a life cycle loop – in this case, a user moves from an unreg -
istered to a registered tenant, then moves to a tenant with an active rental
agreement, and so on. We don’ t necessarily need to have a speciﬁc “status”
attribute in an object to design a systemic loop or a life cycle. It’ s essential
to be aware of the existing, implicit loops in our systems. This awareness
allows us to identify leverage points to ensure we can consistently provide
more value as time passes.
It’s very important to note here that failing to recognize loops and life cy -
cles risks overlooking valuable insights and strategies. Creating visual rep -
resentations of these structures is one of the most important tasks in require -
ments analysis.
WARNING
I’ve encounter ed countless pr ojects wher e the life cycles and loops in the
systems wer e not documented at all. Statuses and levels would be deﬁned in
softwar e, only to become loosely designed entities and featur es. Pr oviding
clear diagrams with all existing statuses and situations, along with the
transition triggers, can offer a powerful and straightforwar d way to help
your pr oduct team gain mor e insights that will enrich your UX.
In many cases, while documenting and visually r epresenting levels, stages,
loops, and life cycles, you may discover that not all transition triggers ar e
clear or even pr esent in the softwar e or the business r equir ements. Ther e
are often hidden opportunities in these seemingly simple visual diagrams.
In fact, much of the best feedback I’ve r eceived in my car eer was due to my
habit of cr eating these visuals whenever possible. I r ecommend practicing
creating these diagrams, even when working on a pr oject with others.
The value of projecting requirements in this step-by-step manner is that we
have a very good amount of freedom to imagine whatever we want for our
system. It also helps that this is a very powerful brainstorming method. We
don’t start by trying to deﬁne a speciﬁc feature. Instead, we begin by ex -
panding the possibilities we can envision for the system we’re building.
If you are a developer , understanding these “dimensions” of software re -
quirements (problem, solution, high-level requirements, roles, critical
events, levels, stages, life cycles, and loops) will be really helpful, as you
will be able to dissect the requirement documents that usually come with a
lot of assumptions and vague information. These are tools for ensuring that
the speciﬁc business requirements clearly express a consistent journey for
the users in your system.
Creating user journeys, stories, and
use cases
In this section, we will produce three key artifacts that will integrate all the
business requirement elements we have seen until now in a way that makes
sense from a business requirements perspective.
We will ﬁrst explore how to assemble separate features into higher -level
user journeys  that better illustrate the strategy we want to accomplish with
our software.
We will learn how to write user stories  that summarize and articulate our
features from a business perspective.
We will also write use cases  that allow us to clearly communicate the value
creation process that we aim to provide, expressing our business require -
ments with a high level of clarity and consistency .
ATTENTION
The r equir ements building blocks we have seen up to this point function like
LEGO blocks that can be used to explain things at differ ent levels of detail.
It’s essential to r ecognize that differ ent blocks ar e used to communicate
with differ ent levels in the company , enabling us to understand which peo -
ple will be mor e inter ested in which kind of artifact. W e will r evisit this con -
cept in a later section of this chapter .
Let’s deﬁne and illustrate each of these artifacts and examine the relation -
ship between all of them and other models we have seen so far .
User journeys
User journeys can provide a very high-level overview of how users will
navigate through the experience of using your software, although they are
not as vague as the high-level business requirements we saw in Chapter 1 .
User journeys allow us to visualize user behavior over a long timeframe. In
a sense, the user journey can be considered a speciﬁc way of making the en -
tire user life cycle more explicit regarding the actions the user will take in
your system.
A user journey can also be used to express the relationship between dif fer-
ent users in the system over an extended period. While the critical events
we have assembled in a feature will describe a ﬁner level of detail, the user
journey will illustrate lar ger chunks of the user actions in a few blocks.
Creating user journeys for one user at a time
Let’s get back to our HomeIt startup. Look at this user journey:
Figure 2.4: Tenant user journey
In this ﬁrst example, as seen in Figur e 2.4, we can communicate the entire
tenant journey on the HomeIt website by summarizing their actions one
block at a time. Each block represents a whole feature that can, in turn, be
decomposed in different ways.
Let’s take a look at the landlord user journey now:
Figure 2.5: Landlord user journey
As you can see from the example in Figur e 2.5, it is possible to concisely
summarize the entire landlord journey on the website.
This method of using user journeys focuses on one user . In both examples,
we are omitting some actual features, such as mediation and the insurance
feature. Of course, if you have practiced creating requirements on your
own, we are also leaving out the features you have discovered. However ,
you can get the idea. A user journey is capable of conveying a lot in just a
small visual space.
Let’s explore another way of creating user journeys.
User journeys with multiple users
In this case, we are involving multiple users in the same user journey . Take
a look at Figur e 2.6:
Figure 2.6: Multiple users in the same user journey
Due to space constraints, I have included just a section of the entire user
journey that involves four actors: a tenant, a realtor , a landlord, and HomeIt.
The user journey is divided into horizontal lanes, with each lane represent -
ing a user . The actions in a lane are displayed on the left side, and the boxes
follow the order in which those actions occur over time.
It is quite easy to follow the actions of each user and the sequence in which
they occur . In the real world, you can create extensive user journeys that
span several departments and involve various types of users.
This type of user journey , involving several dif ferent users, can be created
for very high-level processes or very speciﬁc detailed processes as well. It
all depends on your needs.
As an exercise, create a user journey for the mediation ﬂow . Take some time
to think it through and create the lanes and all the dif ferent users involved,
along with the actions that should take place over time for each user .
User stories
Because team members often get deeply engrossed in the technical details
of a project, it can be challenging to encourage them to think from the end
user’s perspective. When we fail to adopt our users’  viewpoint, we risk cre -
ating products or features that don’ t align with their needs. Unfortunately ,
this is a common occurrence in the market.
This is where user stories prove to be invaluable. These artifacts are de -
signed to convey requirements from the user ’s perspective, making them
particularly ef fective for helping team members empathize with users. User
stories enable colleagues within a project to “wear the user ’s hat,” so to
speak. They aim to shift everyone’ s focus toward understanding and priori -
tizing the user ’s needs over the intricacies of the software.
The user story template
A user story is essentially a brief description that follows a speciﬁc template
to convey a requirement from the user ’s perspective. The most common for -
mat for a user story is as follows:
Title: Realtor Sends a Partnership Proposal for a Rental Property
As a realtor , I want to send a partnership proposal for a rental property so
that I can assist landlords in ﬁnding great tenants. This will not only help
me increase my monthly income but also generate income for the landlord.
Moreover , the partnership proposal will aid tenants in ﬁnding their desired
home.
Acceptance Criteria :
The realtor can send a partnership proposal for a rental property .
The partnership proposal becomes available for the landlord to review .
As you can see, the user story is a focused part of the action. The ability to
create a visual in the reader ’s mind is a very important goal to work toward.
User stories should be all about describing events that are easy to visualize
in a summarized manner .
It’s clear that a user story can be combined with a list of critical events that
should occur , allowing us to communicate the step-by-step value creation
process we aim to implement in software ef fectively .
What questions does a user story answer?
User stories play a crucial role in the software development process by pro -
viding answers to key questions, such as the following:
Who is attempting to accomplish what?
What action is the user supposed to take in this story?
Why is it important for the user to be allowed to perform that action?
Which other users are af fected?
Why is the action in this story also important to these other users?
In many cases, the user story initially may not encompass numerous busi -
ness rules. I prefer to view them as tools to illustrate actions, the relation -
ships between users within the system, and the value created through those
actions.
When writing user stories, it’ s generally advisable not to describe too many
actions at once. If your story is too lengthy , it could indicate that it should
be divided into multiple stories.
LEARNING TO THINK OUTSIDE THE TECHNOLOGY BOX
As mentioned earlier , an effective user story does not delve into the techni -
cal speciﬁcs of what is being developed. It is crafted speciﬁcally to help
people focus on users, r elationships, human actions, and the motivations of
all involved parties. If you ﬁnd yourself mentioning the latest JSON format
or which HTTP  method should be used, you’r e missing the mark. User sto -
ries ar e about understanding the “why” behind the featur e, not the “how .”
Crafting a great title for a user story
The best way to introduce a user story is with a title that is simply a brief
description of the action the user needs to perform in the system. How
would you describe the user action in a concise sentence without including
any software-speciﬁc details? In other words, how would you explain what
the user should do with the system without mentioning the system itself?
User stories are essentially an explanation of the process. Yes, you can in -
clude important business rules if necessary , but there’ s no need to focus too
much on them. My preferred approach is for business rules to be more thor -
oughly addressed in use case documents, which I will explain later .
For many , avoiding discussions of software and technology is not an easy
task! We must describe what the users should be able to do without refer -
ring to screens, buttons, data formats, network protocols, design patterns,
and so on. We should remove all technical terminology from user stories,
both in their titles and descriptions.
What are the acceptance criteria?
A crucial component of every user story is the acceptance criteria section. It
ensures that we have completed the story’ s implementation in the software.
An excellent acceptance criteria section provides a comprehensive list of
business tests that can be conducted to determine whether the development
is fully complete.
The acceptance criteria play a key role in creating our tests, marking the
point where we begin to delve into software analysis. A well-crafted accep -
tance criteria section in user stories will guide the creation of a detailed,
concise list of automated tests to be conducted in the software. With clear
acceptance criteria, there will be no dispute about whether the software is
ready for release. The acceptance criteria section acts as the gatekeeper for
deploying our product in production.
Now is a great time to pause your reading and practice crafting some out -
standing user stories for our HomeIt system. You can follow this template:
Title: <<User X performs an action described in a brief sentence.>>
Description :
As a <<add role here>>, I want to be able to <<add the action here>> so
that I will be able to <<add the desired result here>>.
Doing that will allow me to <<consequence 1, consequence 2, consequence
3>>.
This will also allow me to avoid <<negative consequence 1, negative conse -
quence 2>>.
This will also impact <<other users or roles>> in the following ways:
<<add a list of consequences here>>.
Business Rules :
<<You might want to add business rules here, never talking about technical
details, buttons, screens, etc.>>
Acceptance Criteria :
<<The action we need to verify that is happening correctly in the
system>>
<<Other actions or consequences for which correctness can be veriﬁed
after the software is done>>
If you search for user stories online, you’ll encounter various templates. I
prefer this custom-made one, allowing for a deeper exploration of relation -
ships and beneﬁts beyond what other common templates might permit.
After practicing writing some user journeys, move on to the next section.
Use cases descriptions
So far , we have explored various tools that assist in articulating our busi -
ness requirements. If you were a painter , these requirement tools could be
likened to the distinct colors that enable you to paint the portrait of your
software.
The use case description is another crucial tool I prefer for ensuring devel -
opers understand what needs to be built. Its purpose is akin to that of user
stories: with a use case description, we can depict a process that the user
will undertake to interact with our system.
BEWARE
Befor e we delve into use case descriptions, I’d like to clarify a potential
source of confusion. In the r ealm of softwar e engineering, ther e exists a
widely r ecognized tool known as the use case diagram. When I r efer to use
case descriptions, I am not talking about use case diagrams. Given their
popularity , I won’ t be discussing use case diagrams in this context.
Additionally , I pr efer using user journey diagrams over use case diagrams
for explaining user actions fr om a very high-level perspective.
Comparing user stories to use case descriptions
Returning to our main topic: if use case descriptions are similar to user sto -
ries, what dif ferentiates the two? Here’ s my perspective: user stories are in -
tentionally kept brief to avoid excessive detail about the process being de -
scribed. The process is intended to be illustrated by another tool. In con -
trast, use case descriptions are where we aim to provide more detail – in -
deed, signiﬁcantly more.
Here’ s how it works: while user stories are meant to avoid delving deeply
into the system’ s speciﬁcs, use case descriptions allow for a combination of
the user story with other artifacts we’ve discussed.
For instance, a use case description might begin with the text of a user story
and then detail the sequence of critical events that make up the process we
need to program. It might also include relevant diagrams within a use case
description to give developers a clearer understanding of how the system
operates.
The use case description acts as comprehensive documentation of a use
case. Starting with the user story enables people to grasp the action, motiva -
tions, and relationships behind it. Progressing to a sequence of critical ac -
tions lays the groundwork for developing the process in software. Adding
object stages or a life cycle diagram enhances the visualization of transfor -
mations over time.
In use case descriptions, the combination of visuals, the accompanying user
story , and critical events forms a potent tool for conveying your software’ s
objectives. Incorporating additional diagrams, such as one explaining vari -
ous system levels, further enhances clarity .
A ﬁnal thought on use case descriptions is that they should be viewed as the
canvas on which you add the colors and sketches to express what the soft -
ware is intended to do.
Triggers
Another crucial element to incorporate into use case descriptions is triggers,
which I consider the context enabling the user to initiate the action pro -
posed by the story . Indeed, there can be multiple avenues through which a
user may begin to engage with a user story . For example, in our HomeIt
system, when a tenant is searching for a rental property , we could consider
the following triggers:
Direct pr operty sear ch: The tenant initiates a search through the app’ s
search feature to ﬁnd available properties matching their criteria.
From a mobile phone : The user is starting to search for a rental proper -
ty from a mobile phone. In that case, starting from their mobile might
change the process signiﬁcantly . What could we have work dif ferently in
that case? Maybe we can use the mobile phone localization features to
ﬁnd properties that are geographically close to the user . In that case, it
may be interesting to add a feature where the user chooses the distance
from their location to ﬁnd properties while searching.
From a personal computer : If the user is starting their search from a
computer , we can consider providing a very dif ferent layout that would
take advantage of the lar ger screen space. Using a grid with high-resolu -
tion images might help captivate the user a bit more. Perhaps we could
have a feature for comparing images from dif ferent homes on the same
screen. Who knows?
Recommendation system : The tenant receives personalized property
recommendations based on their search history and preferences.
Notiﬁcation alerts : The tenant signs up for notiﬁcations and receives
alerts when new properties that meet their criteria become available.
Agent contact : The tenant contacts a realtor through the app for as -
sistance in ﬁnding a property .
This simple example illustrates that although we have just one use case (in
this example, the rental property search), the way that feature could work
will be context-dependent. We use the term “trigger” to refer to each dif fer-
ent context from which the user could start their user story .
ATTENTION
It’s very important to keep this clear in your mind: we could have a differ -
ent set of critical events for differ ent triggers within the same use case.
Now , let’s see a useful template for creating our use case description. You
are free to use it for any use case description:
Use Case Name : Follow the same rules as for user story titles.
User Story : Introduces the action that will take place, along with the moti -
vations and relationships in the system. It includes the acceptance criteria
used to assert that we have ﬁnished developing our story .
Trigger #1 – T itle of the trigger : Identiﬁes the unique context from which
the user will perform their action:
Trigger Description
Critical Events T imeline for the T rigger
Stage, Levels, T ypes, Life Cycles, Loops  (or any other relevant diagrams
that will aid in understanding the system)
Finally , let’s take a look at a sample use case description, where a landlord
publishes a new rental property .
Use case sample
Title: Landlord Publishes a New Rental Property
Description :
As a landlord, I want to be able to publish a new rental property in the sys -
tem so that I can make my property available for rent. Doing so will allow
me to attract prospective tenants, select the best tenant, create a new income
stream when the property is rented, and attract a new realtor as a partner to
reach even more tenants. This will also help me avoid having my property
remain empty and without a new income stream. Additionally , this will im -
pact realtors by providing them with an additional property to show their
prospects and enabling them to gain a new income stream as they assist me
in managing the property .
Business Rules :
Properties will be fully available for rental and partnership proposals only
after all media is provided.
Landlords must always provide the full address of the property , the price of
rent, and the conditions and features of the property , besides the media ﬁles.
Acceptance Criteria :
A landlord user is able to publish a new rental property in the system, with
photos and videos attached to it.
Trigger #1 : The rental property is published on the website.
Critical Events T imeline :
1. On the website, the landlord selects the option to add a new rental
property .
2. The landlord provides the required information to register the rental
property .
3. The system validates the information sent.
4. The landlord corrects the rental property information if needed.
5. The landlord completes the submission of all information (description,
address, price, etc.).
6. The landlord is directed to the new property page, now in the inactive
status.
7. The system of fers an option for the landlord to upload media ﬁles (pic -
tures or videos).
8. The landlord chooses to upload the media ﬁles.
9. The landlord uploads the necessary media ﬁles for the rental property
registration.
10. The rental property status changes to processing media ﬁles.
11. The system begins processing the uploaded media materials (speciﬁc re -
sults to be deﬁned).
12. Upon completion of media processing, the rental property status updates
to ready .
13. The landlord is given the option to publish the rental property , making it
available to tenants and realtors.
14. The landlord selects to publish the rental property .
15. The rental property is now in the published status and appears in the
property search feature.
In short, this use case is about the landlord adding all the required info to
register a rental property , so that it is available in the search feature.
Let’s visualize the property life cycle again:
Figure 2.7 – Rental property registration life cycle
This is a very effective way of structuring a single use case within a com -
plete business requirements document.
Let’s now examine how a ﬁnal business requirements document is created.
Structuring the final business
requirements document
This section discusses the features of a great business requirements docu -
ment. Remember to check whether these aspects are covered when creating
or reviewing your own documents. This will put you in a good place for al -
most any project.
A single concept/feature with a well-defined scope
A business requirements document should focus on the delivery of just “one
concept.” What exactly does that mean? It means the document often in -
cludes a set of use cases, but they all contribute to a single “piece of value”
that your software aims to provide. This piece of value is self-contained, not
reliant on anything else to enhance user value. The ﬂow is constructed in a
complete  way, from start to ﬁnish.
For instance, we discussed earlier the idea of launching a ﬁrst simpliﬁed
version of the HomeIt website that would only allow landlord registrations.
Everyone else would be visitors who could obtain the landlords’  phone
numbers from the published properties. This means that a business require -
ments document created for the ﬁrst release (let’ s refer to it as the landlor d
ﬂow r elease ) would contain essentially the following use cases:
1. A landlord registers on the website
2. The landlord publishes a new rental property
3. An unregistered visitor searches for a rental property
4. The unregistered visitor visits a rental property page
As you can notice, it is possible to create value in the market for all parties
by providing only four use cases. This approach helps in going to market
much faster than trying to implement all the use cases/features that we have
uncovered so far .
But what do you do when there are other systems in place already?
You will often join companies that already have numerous systems in place.
In such cases, the requirements documents typically focus on a new feature
that adds value to existing ﬂows. Suppose you join HomeIt as a program -
mer right after the initial landlords ﬂow release. A logical next step might
be to deliver the tenants ﬂow , which could include these features:
1. A tenant registers on the website
2. The tenant sends a rental proposal for New York properties
3. A landlord accepts a rental proposal
4. The tenant sends the payment information
5. The payment is processed every month
In this case, for a second release, we are adding ﬁve new use cases to our
system that will enable us to manage payments. Even so, we are limiting
this feature to properties in New York only . This approach could be useful
if, for instance, the ﬁnance team is still quite small and the HomeIt startup
wishes to start in a reduced geographic area to focus its ef forts more
efﬁciently .
Clear inputs and outputs
We will delve much deeper into inputs and outputs in the upcoming chap -
ters. But essentially , this means that the use cases should describe the pro -
cesses’  inputs and outputs as accurately as possible. For instance, here are
some important questions to consider when dealing with inputs for rental
property registration:
What are the exact attributes we expect to register for a rental property in
the HomeIt system?
What kind of media ﬁles do we expect to support?
What is the maximum acceptable length for rental property descriptions?
Here are some questions we expect to answer to clarify the outputs:
What types of media ﬁles do we expect to produce after processing the
media ﬁles?
What is the acceptable resolution we expect the videos to have after we
process them?
If we do not know what inputs and outputs are expected in our require -
ments, this could block programmers later down the road.
Exceptional use cases made explicit
When accepting and reviewing the business requirements documents from
the product team or area, make sure to take these actions:
The user  alternative behavior  question : First, after reading the de -
scriptions and critical events, make sure to identify where in the system
ﬂow users could diver ge from the expected path. For each of these junc -
tures in the user journey , it’s crucial to ask: “What if the user behaves
differently from what is expected at point X? How should our system re -
spond to that?”
You’ll often ﬁnd that the product team has not thoroughly considered al -
ternative behaviors. The issue is that, in systems experiencing high vol -
umes of requests, users will engage in many new and creative actions.
It’s vital that programmers understand how to handle these alternative
ﬂows.
System err ors and failur es: Second, when reviewing the documented
features and requirements, you should also mark every step where a sys -
tem failure could occur . While a business requirements document is not
the precise place to start discussing technical issues, it may reveal impor -
tant points for consideration.
For instance, if you know that a requirement relies on a speciﬁc partner
system that could go ofﬂine, you need to highlight this concern. How
does the product team intend to handle a failure in that system? Do they
aim for seamless recovery without the customer being aware of the fail -
ure? Or does the business plan to redirect customers to a customer sup -
port team? These questions are equally important.
Looking at how things could be misused or go wrong is a very important
step in planning your development. Next, let’ s see how to guarantee that
you can get the most eyes and fresh perspectives and ideas in the process
you are documenting.
Complete signed-off flow with all impacted areas
In a product requirements document, you might want the product team to
provide a process map of the end-to-end ﬂow that spans across all dif ferent
areas impacted by the release, detailing which users are taking actions
throughout the process until the ﬂow ends.
As stated in the previous chapter , having everyone in all areas aware of a
new release is key to the success of new software. This is why you should,
as a programmer , require these ﬂows to be signed of f by the dif ferent teams.
If we get a well-detailed user journey that shows what should be done in
different areas, and management in each area is signing of f on that docu -
ment, it is much safer to assume that the ﬂow is correct.
Avoiding blocks when writing the documents
In some cases, when writing or reading requirements documents as well as
other documents, there will be many open, undeﬁned points. What do you
do then? Should you start guessing what should happen? Should you wait
for the next team meeting to report that you are blocked?
Such situations occur frequently . We, as programmers, are often faced with
requirements that are not as detailed as they should be, and many details
will be missing. As a general good practice for moving forward in these
times, I would recommend creating an open questions section in the docu -
ment. You can continue writing the document, adding everything you are
conﬁdent about and then setting aside the questions you want to be an -
swered by someone else.
Which of these artifacts should
come first?
As we reach the end of Chapter 2 , you’ve seen there are many ef fective
tools to use when writing detailed business requirements. A key question
then arises: with so many starting points available, which artifacts should
you create ﬁrst?
The answer is straightforward: it depends on the current state of the soft -
ware development life cycle. Here are some excellent starting points:
If you’r e reﬁning well-deﬁned r equir ements : Perhaps the processes
are clearly laid out, and all that’ s missing are the input/output formats
If you’r e deﬁning how a system ﬂow should work : The requirements
might be vague, but if you have a general understanding of the entire
user journey , it’s likely time to focus on the critical events
If identifying the biggest knowledge gaps in the team : The require -
ments might be too speciﬁc, and if it’ s unclear how they ﬁt within a lar g-
er scope user journey , designing the entire user journey from a high-level
standpoint may be necessary
To determine the best requirements documents to produce, start by address -
ing these questions. Also, be mindful of the following:
The size of the company : In or ganizations with many dif ferent areas, a
general user journey map for each user type can greatly facilitate cross-
company communication.
The maturity of curr ent systems : If adding features to existing sys -
tems, review current documentation to identify gaps.
Practices in small companies : Programmers might rush into implemen -
tation with minimal documentation, which is a critical mistake. Future
team members will need to understand what was implemented, and rely -
ing solely on code or programmers for this information is unsustainable
and non-scalable.
Documentation is crucial for scaling processes and communication. Avoid
letting your project suffer from a lack of documentation, or you risk becom -
ing the go-to person for basic questions, creating bottlenecks and consum -
ing valuable time. With a robust set of clear documentation, you free up
time for higher -value activities, which can lead to greater future
compensation.
Scaling results with long-term
business requirements
This section is designed to assist you in a critical mission: uncovering and
addressing short-term constraints in business requirements. Doing so can
lead to signiﬁcant cost savings in your engineering ef forts and facilitate the
effective scaling of engineering results over the long term.
This pro tip is something many developers overlook due to a habit of suc -
cumbing to short-term thinking. If you yield to the pressure from business
areas for faster releases to generate new revenue streams in the near future,
you are likely to incur exponentially higher engineering costs in the follow -
ing year .
Let’s begin by understanding this: when we develop software with only the
next week or month’ s release in mind, we often overlook the multitude of
similar tasks we’ll need to undertake in the future for the company’ s
product.
That is not a position you will want to ﬁnd yourself in.
For instance, in our HomeIt system, we could begin by implementing just
one payment system for tenants – credit cards in the US, for example. If we
task a team of engineers with deploying credit card payments by next
month, what comes after? Well, tenants in the US might also wish to pay
their rent via wire transfers. This would necessitate additional engineering
work, correct? And it would be a task similar to the ﬁrst. Suppose we then
spend another month introducing wire transfers, and subsequently , the prod -
uct team requests the ACH payment method for the following month.
This scenario could be satisfactory for US-based operations, presuming we
aim to of fer only three payment methods. Nevertheless, we might encounter
variations in process ﬂows across dif ferent US states – for instance, the
need for distinct tax handling per state. If we decide to automate tax pay -
ments as well, this could imply the necessity to engage engineers for each
unique scenario.
You’re probably getting the picture. Many companies overlook long-term
thinking, and as a result, their architectures will require engineers to step in
and create code for more similar use cases. This is sometimes discovered
only after the ﬁrst year of development – perhaps after the fourth similar
use case has been released into production.
Well, in the case of our HomeIt system, let’ s say the product team wants to
scale the company to be present in 30+ countries. If they are asking for new
payment systems on a monthly basis without explicitly stating their inten -
tion to introduce 200+ payment methods for all countries in the next 5 to 10
years, several constraints will emer ge:
Perhaps it will be impossible to have many teams working in parallel
since the services might be designed in a way that makes it difﬁcult to
orchestrate multiple teams working simultaneously without creating
conﬂicts
Maybe we will have to spend hundreds of hours on each new payment
system, which will start making developers feel like they are doing the
same work repeatedly
It’s possible that scaling to over 30 countries in 5 to 10 years will be im -
possible because the architecture was not created to accelerate the devel -
opment of every use case
You get the idea, right? When we only focus on short-term thinking, we
cannot anticipate good design decisions that will allow for faster scaling.
THE LONG-TERM BUSINESS REQUIREMENT COROLLARY
Indeed, this approach appears to contradict the You Aren’t Gonna Need
It (YAGNI ) principle. However , by understanding and aligning with the
long-term goals of the pr oduct team, you can build your code to scale ap -
propriately fr om the beginning, thus avoiding the need for extensive r ework
or redevelopment in the futur e. This pr oactive appr oach ultimately leads to
a mor e efﬁcient and pr oﬁtable softwar e development pr ocess.
Now , how can you spot areas in which you could write scalable code?
Here are some questions you could ask your product team in order to deter -
mine how your software should be prepared to accommodate long-term
goals (5 to 10 years):
What new types will we create in this system in the next 5 to 10 years?
What new levels will we create in the next 5 to 10 years?
What new products will we release in the next 5 to 10 years?
How much do we want to increase our sales in the next 5 to 10 years?
In which new geographies are we planning to release our software in the
next 5 to 10 years?
How many more use cases are we planning to develop in the next 5 to 10
years?
Once you have answers to these questions, consider the following:
Does my architecture provide a general approach for facilitating the ad -
dition of new use cases, levels, and types?
Will the engineering team spend a signiﬁcant amount of development
time adding each new milestone, level, or use case?
Can we ef fectively coordinate additional engineers to develop more use
cases if needed?
Is our development cost increasing linearly or exponentially as we add
more use cases?
Will the current architecture create unmanageable complexity after a cer -
tain number of new use cases are released?
What changes to the architecture are necessary to enable the rapid deliv -
ery of multiple use cases with the same engineering ef fort?
How can we reduce the number of lines of code needed to deliver a use
case and scale our software more efﬁciently?
Asking these questions will help you design software that delivers exponen -
tially more value over time and unlocks signiﬁcant potential for your
company .
Exercises
Well, there are many more important aspects to discuss regarding how to
craft great business requirements that truly make a dif ference and add sig -
niﬁcant value to companies. We will revisit those additional principles later .
For now , the tools I have introduced here will be the ones I use to drill
down into the more speciﬁc details having understood the general, high-lev -
el business requirements in Chapter 1 .
This section will help remind you of what we learned in this chapter . Feel
free to go back to the respective sections for the ﬁne-grained details:
Naming featur es will help you set aside the right chunks of your
application.
Take a look at the previously discussed high-level business requirements
in Chapter 1  to ﬁnd some new features that you would like to expand in
our HomeIt startup. What features would you be interested in drilling
into?
Critical events  will help brainstorm the most important events that we
need to ensure are happening in the system.
For the features you have come up with, which critical events can you
come up with? What should you not forget to add to a feature in your
product?
The events timeline  will help to thoroughly understand how a feature
should work on a step-by-step basis.
For each feature in this exercise, how would you arrange the events
timeline?
Stages, levels, types, life cycles, and loops  will help understand the value
streams over time in your system and how to distinguish users and ob -
jects in special ways.
Which of these ﬁve elements would you like to use in the features you’re
ideating?
The user journey  will help you understand the life cycle of your users
across the system, that is, where they start, where they ﬁnish interacting,
and how you keep them active.
As you consider the whole journey across the HomeIt systems, where do
your use cases ﬁt? What user journeys are af fected (if more than one)
and how would you draw the end-to-end experience?
User journeys with multiple users  will help you understand visually how
users should interact with each other .
When you think about a feature that af fects more than one user , how
would you build the multiple user journeys across different lanes?
User stories  help you understand the key actions performed by users,
their motivations, the value involved, and the relationship and impact on
other users. They also help to strip away technical details, in order to
keep people thinking about users and the business, instead of thinking
about code.
How would you state the user stories of the features you want to exer -
cise? What relationships would you foresee, and which acceptance crite -
ria would you use to make sure the features are prepared?
Use case descriptions  help combine the previous tools to provide a clear
perspective of how a feature should work. They provide triggers from
which we can dif ferentiate dif ferent contexts in which a use case could
be started from, which may help identify dif ferences in business rules
and ﬂows.
As an exercise, I would recommend that you write at least one full use
case description. You can reuse the template suggested to fully explain
what should be accomplished there.
Exceptional use cases  help identify how users could behave in un -
planned ways and what to do in case of failures across the system.
As you think about your use case description, which exceptional use cas -
es would you ﬁnd there? At which moments could users do something
unexpected, and at which moments would you consider taking extra care
in order to prevent a system failure?
Clear inputs and outputs  help identify the speciﬁc data the business is
expecting to work with. What are we expecting to collect at the begin -
ning of the process, and what data are we expecting to produce at the end
of the process?
As you consider your use case and the dif ferent processes contained in it,
which inputs and outputs would you need to make it work?
Long-term business r equir ements  help you understand the hidden costs
of your current architecture and what to do to help deliver more features
with less code and less engineering ef fort.
As you think about this system ﬁve years from now , which new use cas -
es do you think will be important to handle? What restrictions do these
suggest you should deal with?
Summary
There were a lot of useful things covered in this chapter . I have not taken
these points from other books but from my own day-to-day experience as a
software developer , tech lead, and manager , as I have taken on all these po -
sitions in the past.
These business requirement practices and thinking have rewarded me with
very good ﬁnancial return, great feedback, and greater professional devel -
opment opportunities. I have not started talking about code yet, but about
the things that make writing code exponentially easier .
Of course, I would also encourage you to immediately apply all of these
tools to the software you are working on right now .
In the next chapter , we will begin to consider a system that would fulﬁll
your business requirements in a modular , scalable manner . We will discuss
how to prioritize deliveries, identify domains and services, and sequence
activities across these components. From there, we will be able to write our
software using the great Spring Framework tools.
3
Defining Domains for Your
Application
In this chapter , we will begin by identifying the most valuable features of
our system. Given that the product team often has an extensive list of re -
quests to be implemented, our primary concern is to start by delivering the
highest-value features. Next, we will move on to discover the domains we
will need to work with, which will inform the APIs we need to develop.
Finally , we will conclude by outlining the information ﬂow across these do -
mains over time, creating a clear map for implementing our use cases in
your project.
We will cover the following topics:
Determining which features to deliver ﬁrst
Deﬁning domains and boundaries for your application
Deﬁning the right services for your domain
Crafting your domain diagram
Sequencing activities across services
This chapter serves as the critical link between robust requirements and
your code. Here, we begin to model your system. We will teach you how to
extract key system components from the requirements, which we will refer
to as domains , and how to create diagrams that simplify discussions about
system programming with non-programmers. The content covered will en -
able you to involve cross-disciplinary teams in discussions about the archi -
tecture you are designing to articulate the requirements.
Understanding the tools and skills presented here will provide signiﬁcant
leverage in your journey to becoming a respected architect—capable of
translating business requirements into simple, comprehensive system de -
signs. If you master this, you are well on your way to a successful leader -
ship career .
Are you excited about it? I know I am. So, let’ s get started!
Technical requirements
In this chapter , you will need to use two simple tools to accomplish the pro -
posed analysis laid out in the sections:
draw.io , an online diagramming tool
PlantUML, a tool that helps in drawing sequence diagrams, which we’ll
see in one of the last sections
You can access all of the chapter ’s code at this GitHub repository:
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -03
Determining which features to
deliver first
If you’ve worked with any company—be it start-ups or big tech—you’ll
ﬁnd this situation familiar: backlogs are endless. There are no limits to the
number of features a product team can dream up. If you haven’ t worked at a
large company yet, a backlog is essentially a list of features and ideas wait -
ing to be assessed, reﬁned, and developed by the development team.
Why do backlogs always become so lar ge? Firstly , being a creative human
means that, given enough time, you will continuously be able to answer
these three questions about your customers’  different life situations:
Is this situation a problem?
What if we did X in this situation?
What else could we do in this situation?
This ongoing creativity ensures that we can always identify new problems
to solve, and new use cases and scenarios where it might be beneﬁcial to
add new features to support our customers. As backlogs grow lar ger, the
critical question naturally becomes how to select the best features to deliver
ﬁrst.
A BIG WARNING ABOUT USELESS FEATURES
Many companies struggle with choosing the most valuable featur es to work
on. As the number of potential featur es incr eases, the likelihood of selecting
the most useful featur e for customers is dir ectly pr oportional to how skill -
fully a pr oduct team can assess and compar e the value of differ ent featur e
ideas.
With the widespr ead adoption of Agile methodologies, I’ve noticed a “new
featur es syndr ome” emer ging in pr oduct ar eas. This syndr ome arises be -
cause agile methodologies emphasize r eleasing new things quickly , which
incentivizes teams to constantly cr eate new featur es, sometimes “just be -
cause.” In other wor ds, because teams ar e embedded in a pr ocess that pri -
oritizes fr equent r eleases, they continue to pr oduce new featur es—even
when those featur es may not be particularly useful.
This often happens because many teams lack the skills to think critically
about the value that differ ent featur es will bring to the market. As a r esult,
many irr elevant featur es ar e added to pr oducts acr oss various markets on a
daily basis.
Now that we have looked at some of the important questions, let’ s answer
another important one: which business requirement should we prioritize?
Criteria for prioritizing a business
requirement
As a developer working  with product teams, I constantly discuss the rele -
vance of the features I am asked to work on. I employ several critical crite -
ria and questions to assess how valuable a release will be to the market. I
have observed many instances where, simply by raising these questions dur -
ing product meetings, the product team is prompted to revisit the viability
and priority of the features they plan to release. These discussions are es -
sential for ensuring that each feature adds real value and aligns with market
needs.
Vision alignment
As a developer , you need to be able to  understand what the company’ s vi-
sion is. What is the company trying to bring to the world? What dif ference
does your company want to make in the market? With that in mind, does the
feature you are being requested to work on deliver on that promise? Or is
this new feature just irrelevant to our customers?
I have observed many companies doing one of the following:
Changing pr oduct strategies fr equently , often in the short term, due to
key directors and managers leaving or joining the company with differ-
ent ideas.
Delivering pr ojects hastily  because there is a need to use up a budget.
This scenario typically arises from the fear of facing negative conse -
quences for a business unit if funds are left unspent.
Chasing market tr ends without a clear strategy . It’s common for compa -
nies to develop features or products simply because they’re currently
popular in the market. Industries such as crypto and artiﬁcial intelligence
often see a sur ge of interest based on market buzz, leading companies to
jump on the bandwagon without a well-considered plan.
These behaviors can divert resources from truly innovative or necessary
projects and result in the development of features that may not provide gen -
uine value to the company or its customers.
When developing a new  feature for your customers, the most relevant factor
to consider is the speciﬁc problem it will address, making it crucial to en -
gage your product team with tough questions. If the proposed feature
doesn’ t solve a clear problem or isn’ t aligned with the company’ s long-term
vision, it’ s essential to escalate this concern. Make it known that the feature
may be inappropriate for release—or at least that it requires reﬁnement until
it clearly aligns with the long-term goals of the company . This approach en -
sures that every development ef fort contributes meaningfully to the compa -
ny’s objectives and truly addresses customer needs.
Market size
When evaluating a potential feature, it’ s crucial to assess the size of the
market that the feature will reach or attract. Even if the problem you’re ad -
dressing is highly relevant and aligns with the company’ s vision, the impact
on the customer base is a signiﬁcant consideration.
Features that solve widespread problems will naturally appeal to a lar ger
audience. Consider whether your product team is planning to develop a use
case that may not be universally needed or wanted by your user base. How
signiﬁcant would its contribution be to the overall market?
If you recognize that the feature you’re working on may not interest the
larger user base, it’ s vital to voice this concern, given that software develop -
ment is a costly endeavor .
Another key aspect to consider is whether the feature can be adjusted to ap -
peal to a wider audience. If there’ s a way to modify the feature so that it be -
comes relevant to more people, pursuing such adaptations is highly advis -
able. This approach not only maximizes the feature’ s market potential but
also enhances its value to the company .
There is an important exception to the criterion of tar geting a lar ge user
base: if the company recognizes that addressing a smaller , more specialized
segment can still generate substantial revenue, then the overall market size
becomes less critical. This approach allows the company to carve out a
niche in the market, which can be strategically advantageous. By focusing
on niche markets, companies often ﬁnd opportunities to establish strong po -
sitioning and potentially gain a loyal customer base, even if the number of
users is relatively small. This tar geted strategy can lead to signiﬁcant re -
turns and a unique product identity in the market.
Problem frequency
Here’ s another essential criterion for deciding whether to develop and re -
lease a new feature: consider the frequency with which your customer en -
counters the problem that the feature aims to solve. Analyze how often this
issue arises—daily , weekly , monthly , or yearly—and determine whether
your customer will have enough opportunities to use your product regularly ,
or whether it will merely serve as a one-time solution.
It’s crucial that your product can be integrated into your users’  daily activi -
ties more frequently . If you can inﬂuence some of your customers’  frequent
behaviors in a way that leads them to use your products more often, then the
feature is a strong candidate for release.
Problem intensity
When assessing a new  feature’ s potential, it’ s important to consider the in -
tensity of the problem it aims to solve. Ask yourself the following ques -
tions: Is the problem signiﬁcant enough that it motivates users to seek out
your feature? Is the issue so pressing that the mere existence of your solu -
tion could drive users to your product?
The marketplace is saturated with features that do not address particularly
intense problems; while this may be acceptable in some cases, it is crucial
to discern which feat ures are truly beneﬁcial in solving signiﬁcant issues for
your customers. Remember , a problem that causes high levels of discomfort
or acute pain is more likely to motivate users to take action. Features that
effectively alleviate such prob lems can greatly enhance user reliance on
your product, bolstering customer satisfaction and loyalty .
Market purchase power
Evaluating whether your tar get customer can af ford your product is a cru -
cial aspect of software development. Many companies, particularly start-
ups, develop products for customer segments that are unlikely to spend sub -
stantial money with them. There is a common belief among start-ups that
building a lar ge user base will eventually translate into signiﬁcant business
returns. This tar get market is often addressed with a freemium  model.
Willingness to pay for a solution
This point ties closely  to the earlier discussion about ensuring your tar get
customer is ﬁnancially able and willing to purchase your product. In some
instances, customers may recognize they have a problem but are not willing
to pay for a solution. Think about when you wanted to buy something inter -
esting, for instance, but then you did not ﬁnd it worth the price. You had the
money , but the price char ged for it made you give up spending money on it.
In such scenarios, it is vital to ask yourself several key questions:
Are our customers already spending money to address the problem that
our feature aims to solve?
Are they actively seeking solutions to this problem?
Is there evidence that the customer is prepared to invest ﬁnancially to re -
solve this issue?
These questions are essential for determining whether there is a viable mar -
ket for your feature. They help in understanding whether your potential cus -
tomers not only need but are also willing to pay for the solution you of fer.
This assessment can guide your development  efforts and ensure they are di -
rected towards features that are both needed and ﬁnancially sustainable.
Estimated cost of delivery
The cost of developing a  solution—whether in terms of time, money , or
other resources—plays a crucial role in determining its viability . Reﬂecting
on my experience since 2000 in the industry , where a concept akin to a so -
cial network seemed impossible due to resource constraints, highlights how
feasibility can change over time. Today , social networks are ubiquitous, but
at that time, the resource demands made such a project impractical.
When considering a new development, it is essential to assess the costs as -
sociated with delivering the solution your product team envisions.
Questions to consider include the following:
What are the costs of development?
Are there ways to reduce these costs?
Does your team possess the necessary time, skills, technology , and per -
sonnel to execute the project?
If the costs are prohibitive to the extent that they could jeopardize the com -
pany’ s stability , it may be prudent to reconsider or delay the development
effort.
Estimated return on investment
When considering the development of a new feature, it is essential to evalu -
ate whether the potential revenue justiﬁes the ef fort and aligns with the
company’ s scale. Revenue projections for new features must be signiﬁcant
enough to merit the resources dedicated to them, especially in larger
companies.
For instance, if a company generates $40+ million annually , introducing a
feature projected to bring in only $100,000 in the ﬁrst years might not make
ﬁnancial sense. Such a discrepancy was highlighted by a CEO I worked
with in my career , who rejected a product team’ s proposal due to its mini -
mal impact on overall revenue, demanding a more substantial contribution
to justify the use of development resources.
This scenario serves as a critical reminder for product teams to do the
following:
Evaluate the ﬁnancial impact : Ensure that the projected revenue from a
feature aligns with the company’ s ﬁnancial goals and the cost of
development.
Assess contribution to gr owth : Consider whether the feature will sig -
niﬁcantly contribute to the business’ s growth. It should not only pay for
itself but also bring additional value.
Justify development efforts : The cost of development, including time
and resources, must be balanced by the feature’ s potential revenue.
When planning new features, it’ s crucial for product teams to create well-
founded revenue projections that reﬂect the feature’ s true value to the com -
pany . This ensures that development ef forts are both economically viable
and strategically beneﬁcial.
Cost of acquisition
The scalability of a product often hinges not just on its quality but also on
the cost-ef fectiveness of its marketing strategy . This is a critical point, espe -
cially in the context of the widespread layof fs across the tech industry in re -
cent years, where hundreds of thousands of developers have seen ﬁrsthand
the consequences of unsustainable business models.
Many companies have been forced to conduct layof fs primarily because
they could not af ford the high marketing costs needed to acquire customers
and maintain net positive results. Even if the products were well-designed
and functional, prohibitive customer acquisition costs can drain resources,
leading to a situation where businesses burn through investor capital with -
out generating sufﬁcient revenue. This issue has led to the downsizing or
shutdown of operations in many ﬁrms.
Considering the ﬁnancial strain associated with customer acquisition, it is
essential for product teams to evaluate several key questions when planning
a new feature:
What will be the cost of acquiring a customer for this feature? It is cru -
cial to understand whether the marketing spend to attract each customer
is justiﬁed by the revenue they will generate.
Does this feature increase the likelihood that customers will want the
product? Features that signiﬁcantly enhance product appeal or meet a
critical customer need can justify higher initial costs because they con -
tribute to longer -term customer retention and satisfaction.
Can this feature improve purchase conversions and help reduce acquisi -
tion costs? If a new feature can increase the conversion rate of prospects
to paying customers, it may of fset higher initial marketing expenses and
prove ﬁnancially beneﬁcial in the long run.
Addressing these 0questions can help ensure that new developments are
grounded in ﬁnancial reality and align with broader business objectives.
This approach encourages product teams to maintain a pragmatic perspec -
tive, balancing innovation with cost-ef fectiveness to support sustainable
growth.
Impact of delivery
When developing a product, it’ s crucial to evaluate not just the frequency
and intensity of the customer ’s problem but also the actual impact of your
solution. Ask yourself the following questions: What signiﬁcant dif ference
will your feature make for the customer? Will the impact of your feature be
substantial? Will it completely eliminate the problem or only alleviate it
partially? And for how long will the solution be ef fective? While it is valu -
able to address frequent problems, ensuring that your product has a signiﬁ -
cant, positive impact is equally important—even if it means completely re -
solving the customer ’s issues for a long time to come.
Mapping dependencies
Assessing whether it is the right time to develop a feature involves consid -
ering whether your software currently possesses the necessary foundation
for users to easily beneﬁt from this new addition. Mapping dependencies is
crucial to ensure that the introduction of a new feature is timely and impact -
ful. Is it the right time to deliver this feature?
I have seen instances where products were not performing well or scalable,
yet product teams were keen on rolling out the next killer featur e. This ap -
proach often led to issues such as slow API responses, reliance on customer
support teams for manual interventions, and challenges in onboarding new
customers. Despite these hurdles, the focus remained on introducing anoth -
er signiﬁcant feature.
This tendency among product teams to chase the next appealing feature,
even when the basic infrastructure is not robust enough to support it, is
common. As a developer , it is important to challenge these assumptions. By
examining the prerequisites for a feature’ s successful integration, you can
help the product team realize that certain foundational improvements are re -
quired ﬁrst. This groundwork ensures that when the next shiny feature is in -
troduced, it will truly be ef fective and appreciated by users.
Invisible problems
This is a fascinating aspect of market dynamics that can be noticed in sec -
tors such as mental health and professional development, where potential
users may not readily acknowledge the problems they face. This lack of
awareness can signiﬁcantly impact the adoption and ef fectiveness of solu -
tions designed to address these issues.
When tasked with developing a new feature, it is crucial to probe deeper
with questions that assess market awareness and receptivity:
How many of our prospects are aware that they have the problem our
software aims to solve?
How easily can we demonstrate the necessity of our solution to potential
users?
What strategies could we employ to help them recognize the problem
that our solution addresses?
By answering these questions, you can better evaluate the potential impact
and relevance of the proposed feature. This approach not only aids in devel -
oping features that are more likely to be accepted and used by your tar get
audience but also enhances the overall value  proposition of your product.
Being proactive in understanding and addressing user awareness can signiﬁ -
cantly inﬂuence the success of your development ef forts.
UX impact
In the world of top-selling products, the introduction of too many features
can sometimes lead to a degraded customer experience. It is essential to en -
sure that new features are simple to understand and seamlessly integrated
into the existing product to maintain and enhance the value of fered to cus -
tomers. Moreover , it is crucial to ensure that these features do not confuse
users or detract from the overall user experience.
To determine the validity of a new feature request, consider asking the fol-
lowing questions:
Will the overall customer experience/user journey be improved by
adding this feature?
Will customers be aware that the new feature exists? Is it well integrated
with the other features and the user journey?
Could this new feature potentially confuse the customer in any way?
Will this feature conﬂict with any existing features?
These questions are vital in understanding whether the new feature will be
usable and beneﬁcial to the customer .
Additionally , it is important to gather good metrics. Ideally , your product
should have mechanisms in place to collect usage data. This data can help
ensure that the user experience is not compromised over time as more fea -
tures are added.
Uniqueness
The approach of looking at competitors’  features and attempting to mimic
their successes is indeed a common strategy in product development. It of -
ten starts with analyzing what already exists in the industry to try to im -
prove upon it or gain an edge. However , this can lead to a cycle where com -
petitors increasingly resemble each other as they continually adopt similar
features, stiﬂing true innovation and uniqueness in your product. This also
leads to the market becoming saturated with similar of ferings, eventually
diminishing the distinct value of each product.
Additionally , it is important to ensure that your features are not easily
replicable or replaceable by free tools available in the market. This can in -
volve of fering superior functionality , a better user experience, or unique ser -
vices that free tools do not provide.
Sorting priorities
What we  discussed in the previous section are the most ef fective criteria I
have used in the past to help teams prioritize product requirements. It is
wonderful for me to see them all laid out in an easy-to-remember format so
that you can take advantage of it. It took me years of experience to know
these are really important questions to address when choosing which feature
to develop.
But how should you apply these criteria? There is not a one-size-ﬁts-all ap -
proach to this. Each project may present dif ferent challenges, and certain
criteria might be more relevant than others, depending on the situation.
However , a general method to help you identify the best features to develop
is to ensure that the product scores as highly as possible on each of the
criteria.
If you’re faced with a long list of potential features to implement, try rating
each one against every criterion on our list. Then, or ganize the list from the
highest-rated feature to the lowest. This will give you a rough estimate of
what is most important to your customers.
Comparing and prioritizing HomeIt features
Now , we will go over some of the main features of our HomeIt start-up to
understand  how to better score the features against each other . You might be
confused here as to what the “score” is, but do not worry; you will under -
stand as we go ahead. We will be using the criteria laid out in the previous
sections. Bear in mind that these explanations are subjective and open to de -
bate. This is just a sample of the type of reasoning behind scoring features:
Property sear ch:
For property search, my scores are Vision: 10, Market Size: 10,
Problem Frequency: 10, Market Purchase Power: 10, Willingness: 10,
Estimated Cost: 10, Estimated ROI: 10, Cost of Acquisition: 10,
Impact of Delivery: 10, Mapping Dependencies: 10, Invisible
Problems: 10, UX Impact: 10, Uniqueness: 1, and the total score is
121.
Notice that the property search is central to our system because every
tenant will have to use it. They are “searching” for a new property
anyway . The only criterion this feature is scoring low is “uniqueness.”
Even so, we could imagine ways in which the property search works
in unique ways, so as to outpace our competition.
Realtor  partnership :
For realtor  partnership, my scores are Vision: 10, Market Size: 10,
Problem Frequency: 3, Market Purchase Power: 10, Willingness: 5,
Estimated Cost: 5, Estimated ROI: 8, Cost of Acquisition: 10, Impact
of Delivery: 6, Mapping Dependencies: 4, Invisible Problems: 4, UX
Impact: 6, Uniqueness: 10. The total score is 91.
For realtor partnerships, we get a lower general score. Many tenants
and landlords actually do not care about having a realtor , in case they
can easily talk to each other (makes “problem frequency” score low).
Also, there are many people who do not want to deal with realtors,
bringing “willingness” down. We expect that the introduction of real -
tors can help the system to be more scalable (sometimes, landlords
are not available for visits as realtors can), bringing “ROI” up to 8.
Many people do not see how a realtor can help, bringing the “invisi -
ble problems” score down to 4. I am considering the “dependencies”
criterion down to 4 since many things need to be in place already for
us to be able to introduce realtors to the system.
Messaging :
For messaging, my  scores are Vision: 10, Market Size: 10, Problem
Frequency: 10, Market Purchase Power: 10, Willingness: 10,
Estimated Cost: 10, Estimated ROI: 10, Cost of Acquisition: 10,
Impact of Delivery: 10, Mapping Dependencies: 7, Invisible
Problems: 10, UX Impact: 10, Uniqueness: 1. The total score is 118.
Of course, everybody needs to communicate, so messaging gets high -
er scores in almost everything, except for “uniqueness” and “depen -
dencies.” Even so, we could think in what ways messaging could hap -
pen in unique ways in our HomeIt system.
By looking at these sample scores, we have the following roadmap, sorted
by the highest-rated features:
1. Property search: 121
2. Messaging : 118
3. Realtor  partnership : 91
It is clear that we need the search feature before everything else, as all fea -
tures depend on it. Taking this approach ensures that we can even let fea -
tures out of scope. Seeing the scores, answer this question for yourself:
Does HomeIt even really need a mediation feature?
By using these  feature lists, sorted by their ratings, the team can now make
projections for the coming months or even years. A good practice is select -
ing features to develop quarterly . Planning quarterly milestones makes it
easier to communicate the product’ s direction to all stakeholders.
With the features prioritized and a milestones roadmap in place, we can
now focus on modeling our software. At this point, we are ofﬁcially done
with handling, composing, massaging, exercising, exploring, and expanding
business requirements. You now have the best tools I like to use to assist
product teams in deciding which features should be developed and how to
describe those features in a way that simpliﬁes the job for software
developers.
Let’s now move on to the world of software modeling. I hope you are excit -
ed about what comes next!
Defining domains and boundaries
for your application
Once you have decided which feature to develop next, it is time to identify
the building blocks that will make up your actual system. This is where we
begin to uncover the crucial components of the software modeling process.
In this section, I will demonstrate how to identify the key objects you need
to code and how to determine the various services you will implement.
What are product domains and why are
they important?
A domain  can be considered the specialized business knowledge that you
need to express in your software. In other words, whatever you build using
Spring or any other tools or tech stack you choose, you should do it to best
represent the expertise of the top specialists you can access. These are peo -
ple who truly excel in your product-speciﬁc area within the market.
In your software, a well-expressed domain should include two indispens -
able features:
Well-designed entities : These are a carefully reﬁned set of objects that
accurately reﬂect the concepts or things that exist in the business and the
real world
Well-designed services : These  entail a thorough process through which
the entities can be processed—created, moved through dif ferent lifecycle
stages, and everything else that fulﬁlls the business requirements you
aim to deliver
NOTE
The foundation for delivering good softwar e begins with excellently mod -
eled entities and services. The pr erequisite for achieving this is having
well-written business r equir ements. This highlights the critical need for all
the tools and techniques discussed in the ﬁrst two chapters. Remember ,
even the best companies in the market may have signiﬁcant gaps in the r e-
quirements they expect you to implement. Y ou need the right tools to thor -
oughly analyze these r equir ements, ensuring they can be articulated in the
best way possible, ther eby simplifying the extraction of your entities and
services.
This section summarizes the most important steps for engaging with do -
main modeling. However , as you might expect, there are comprehensive
books dedicated to this subject. A foundational text I recommend is
Domain-Driven Design – T ackling Complexity in The Heart of Softwar e by
Eric Evans.
Now , let’s move on to the steps you need to follow to identify and imple -
ment the necessary entities and services.
Detecting common concepts and
eliminating redundancy across use cases
During your  domain modeling process, the ﬁrst step is to identify the nouns
or substantive terms that frequently appear across various use cases. These
key terms will form the core vocabulary used to build your software.
For example, in our HomeIt system, some of the critical concepts we need
to express through domain modeling include the following:
Users, tenants, landlords, and realtors
Rental properties, rental proposal, rental agreements, and partnership
proposal
Payments
Reputation
An ef fective method to gauge the signiﬁcance of a concept in your software
is to observe how often that speciﬁc term is mentioned across dif ferent fea -
ture requests. This frequency indicates its importance and centrality to the
functionality of your system.
During the domain modeling process, you may encounter instances where
different terms are used interchangeably to describe the same concept in the
requirements document. For example, in our HomeIt system, terms such as
landowners , real estate owners , and proprietors  might all be used to refer to
what we simply mean by landlor ds.
As a developer , your role includes identifying these synonymous terms and
working with the product team to standardize the terminology . For instance,
you might agree to use landlor ds consistently across all documents.
Consequently , whenever terms such as proprietors  appear , they would be
corrected to landlor ds to maintain consistency in terminology .
Conversely , there may be cases where a single noun is used to refer to two
or more dif ferent concepts within the requirements documents. In our
HomeIt example, the term user might be used across various use cases and
feature requests but refer to dif ferent roles such as landlords, realtors, or
tenants.
When you encounter an ambiguity such as the latter you would need to re -
view your documentation to determine the speciﬁc context in which users
are mentioned and then specify more precise terms for each case. This ap -
proach helps eliminate confusion and ensures that each term accurately re -
ﬂects its intended meaning within the system.
For example, in a recent  project I was involved with, one  term was used to
represent three vastly dif ferent things. It referred to a CMS platform, an im -
portant virtual server , and a third item I cannot quite remember . When I
joined the project, discussions about that term were confusing to me be -
cause it was applied inconsistently . My confusion initially made me feel out
of place, but upon further questioning, I realized that dif ferent people were
using the same name for completely dif ferent elements. The issue was not
with my understanding; it was with how the term was being misapplied. As
someone new to the team, or even as an existing member , you will greatly
beneﬁt the project by clarifying and unifying the terminology used. This
will help everyone communicate more ef fectively and avoid
misunderstandings.
Setting up and defining domains for your
product
If you effectively eliminate ambiguity and redundancy from the require -
ments documentation, identifying  the actual domains needed for your soft -
ware becomes a straightforward process. Essentially , you just need to list
the most frequently mentioned nouns in your product requirements.
At this point, I want  you to think about domains in an incredibly simple
manner . Consider each noun, or concept, as a  separate domain. For HomeIt,
each of the keywords we mentioned earlier will represent a dif ferent do -
main. Therefore, we will have domains such as the Tenants  domain, the
Landlor ds domain, and the Rental Pr oposal  domain. This approach simpli -
ﬁes the initial steps of domain modeling and sets a clear foundation for fur-
ther development.
Setting up domain composition,
boundaries, and limits
Now that we have identiﬁed the various domains, it is crucial to consider
the boundaries and composition of each domain. This phase is more philo -
sophical than  technical and can lead to extensive discussions, as dif ferent
team members may have diverse perspectives on how these models should
be structured.
Using your critical thinking skills, you will need to deﬁne the actual respon -
sibilities of each domain. These responsibilities should be based on the lan -
guage used by the product team and how they describe their use cases.
In the previous chapter , we utilized tools to drill down into the require -
ments, designing inputs and outputs for processes. These inputs and out -
puts, along with the relationships described between concepts, will inform
us about the composition of each domain. This step is essential for estab -
lishing clear domain boundaries and ensuring that each domain fulﬁlls its
role ef fectively within the system.
For instance, in HomeIt, we have discovered that a rental property contains
essential information such as media (pictures, videos), address, number of
rooms, and size in square meters. Additionally , tenants may have one or
more Payment Information  objects, assuming someone could use various
ways to pay for the rental services.
Understanding how the domains are composed will lead us to the exact
place we need to be. Here are four key sets of questions for you to answer
when drilling down on domain boundaries:
What domain/concept am I deﬁning? What is this domain, and what pur -
pose does it serve?
What is this domain comprised of? What set of information makes up
this domain?
What does this domain not account for? What should be excluded from
this domain, either because it belongs to another domain or because we
want to establish certain limits to its deﬁnition?
What other domains is this domain related to? Which other domains in -
teract with this one, and how can these relationships be expressed or
explained?
To effectively answer these questions for the Realtors  domain  in the
HomeIt system, we can walk through each question systematically:
What domain/concept am I deﬁning? What is that domain? What is it
used for?
The domain being deﬁned is Realtors . Realtors are users who facilitate
the rental of properties in exchange for a commission. This domain is
used to manage interactions related to property rentals and to bridge
communications between tenants and landlords.
What is a realtor comprised of?
A realtor should have personal contact information to facilitate commu -
nication and a list of current rental proposals they are managing. A real-
tor should also have separate communication channels with each user
(tenant, landlord) to maintain clarity and privacy in communications.
What is this domain not accounting for? What should we leave out of
this domain, either because it belongs to another domain or because we
want to just establish some limits to the domain deﬁnition?
A realtor will not directly own an availability calendar since that calen -
dar is speciﬁcally tied to each rental agreement. However , because the
realtor manages their rental agreements, they can access all related cal -
endars by reviewing each agreement. We can also extract a consolidated
calendar by looping through the agreements. This delineation prevents
clutter in the Realtors  domain and keeps the focus on their primary
responsibilities.
What other domains is this domain related to? What other domains will
show up as a relationship to this one, and how can that relationship be
expressed or explained?
Realtors are essentially related to the domains of tenants, landlords, part -
nership agreements, and rental properties:
They have a communication channel with tenants for discussing
rental opportunities and resolving issues
They enter into partnership agreements with landlords, which autho -
rize them to manage properties and interact on the landlord’ s behalf
The relationship with rental properties is through the management of
rental proposals and agreements pertaining to those properties
This discussion provides a  glimpse into how we can  propose and reﬁne do -
mains, which often form a signiﬁcant part of conversations with your col -
leagues. As these discussions progress, clarity is enhanced, allowing the
team to conﬁdently document the domains and their interrelationships.
As a result of your domain modeling, some domains might be expressed as
their own microservices, while others may be grouped together in the same
microservice. Additionally , some domains may simply act as properties of
other domains. This structuring brings us closer to actually starting the cod-
ing process.
Before moving on to the next section, I invite you to think about the do -
mains we have in our HomeIt system. Besides the ones I listed, what other
three domains would you add? How would you answer the key questions
about these new domains? Consider these questions, and after you have for -
mulated your thoughts, you can proceed to the next section where we will
reﬁne the services that belong to each domain. This exercise will help deep -
en your understanding of the domain-driven design fundamentals and pre -
pare you for the practical steps ahead.
Defining the right services for your
domains
Great! We have now mastered  how to identify key domains within our sys -
tem. The basic approach involves scrutinizing the nouns in requirement de -
scriptions and understanding the relationships between these identiﬁed
nouns.
It is advisable to do real-world system analysis by playing Sherlock Holmes
with a team. The goal is to comb through the requirement documents to dis -
till them down to the essential set of words that represent the entire system
effectively .
Once you have identiﬁed the dif ferent domains, the next step is to under -
stand how these domains behave. This involves identifying the verbs or ac -
tions that the domains perform. This is a crucial phase where we start to dis -
cover the operations or functionalities—essentially , the key services—asso -
ciated with each domain. Understanding these services is the focus of this
section, as they are integral to how the system will function and interact.
What are services and why should we
think about them?
In this chapter , we deﬁne a service as any operation or action that can be
performed within a speciﬁc domain. For example, in the HomeIt system,
Partnership Pr oposal  is considered a domain. Within this domain, various
operations can occur , such as creating, sending, rejecting, or accepting a
proposal. Each of these operations is viewed as a service within the
Partnership Proposal  domain.
Understanding these services is crucial. Neglecting to account for these spe -
ciﬁc domain operations can lead to signiﬁcant blind spots and gaps for de -
velopers. A wise colleague and friend of mine often said, “ Everything is
possible thr ough the miracles of pr ogramming. ” However , I argue that these
programming miracles become less miraculous if we are unclear about the
operations our domains should support.
Since the introduction of the RESTful API standard, many developers have
aimed to design the perfect API. The speciﬁcs of crafting well-structured
APIs will be discussed in later sections. However , it’s important to recog -
nize that many developers fall into the trap of merely representing basic ob -
jects and resources in their APIs. Here, “basic” refers to the most tangible
objects, such as products, customers, shopping carts, and so on. They often
focus on mapping key domain resources in their URLs because they are ﬁx -
ated on this approach. By not adequately representing operations and ac -
tions in the APIs, they inadvertently create a lot of confusing code, as those
operations will have to be supported by extra logic added to the basic re -
sources. It becomes a mess over time.
Such APIs that lack expressiveness often fail to adequately represent the ac -
tions of the system over time, which can lead to muddled code, parameter
overload, bulky classes, and too few endpoints handling too many
responsibilities.
Neglecting the design of services frequently results in what is known as
spaghetti code . Consider trying to eat spaghetti: even with a fork, it is difﬁ -
cult to control and manipulate your food. Similarly , spaghetti code is chal -
lenging to manage due to its tangled lines, where numerous responsibilities
are crammed into a few endpoints and methods. This complexity makes it
nearly impossible to clearly understand and maintain your own code over
time.
On the other hand, by carefully identifying and listing the key operations
and actions your domain should express, you can more easily segregate
these actions into distinct parts of your code. This separation allows for bet -
ter isolation, making your code easier to manage. The advantages of model -
ing key actions for each domain will become evident as we begin writing
our services in subsequent chapters. For now , in this chapter , our focus will
be on understanding how to ef fectively document different services.
How to model and document domain
services correctly
When it comes to doing excellent service modeling work on your domains
within your  software, the following four steps are essential:
Basic actions : Deﬁne the fundamental actions that your domain will
support. These are commonly known as CRUD  (which stands for
Create, Read , Update , and Delete ) operations. These operations form
the backbone of interaction within the domain.
Special actions : Identify and document any special actions that your do -
main should support beyond the basic CRUD operations. These could in -
clude actions that are speciﬁc to the business logic or unique functionali -
ties of the domain.
Actions to new domains : Assess whether any of the actions currently
within your domain could be better served as new , separate domains.
This step involves evaluating the potential to modularize your architec -
ture further , enhancing scalability and maintainability .
Inputs, pr ocesses, business rules, and output descriptions : For each
service, provide detailed descriptions of the inputs required, the process -
es involved, the business rules that apply , and the outputs expected. This
documentation is crucial for ensuring clarity and consistency in service
implementation and integration.
In the next section, we will go over the exercise of exploring and modeling
a feature of the HomeIt system: the Partnership Proposal  service.
Partnership Proposal service modeling
To effectively model the services within the Partnership Pr oposal  domain
of the HomeIt system, here’ s how you would apply each of the steps we
previously outlined:
Basic actions :
Create: To create a partnership proposal, inputs include the rental
property ID, the realtor ID, and an introductory letter written by the
realtor . Since a rental property has an owner (landlord), the owner can
be identiﬁed using the rental property ID. The output of this action is
the identiﬁcation of the newly created Partnership Pr oposal  domain
object.
Delete : Instead of supporting hard deletion, which permanently re -
moves records, the system will implement soft deletion. This action
marks the proposal as deleted  in the database, making it invisible on
customer -facing interfaces but retaining the data for consistency pur -
poses. Input required is the partnership proposal ID.
Read : This action retrieves a partnership proposal object using its ID,
returning all relevant details associated with that ID.
Update : The update service allows changes to the partnership propos -
al’s status only , such as updating from open  to accepted  or rejected .
The input for this action is the new status and the partnership ID.
Special actions :
Sending a partnership pr oposal : It is assumed that a partnership
proposal is automatically sent when it is created in the system, mak -
ing this one of the basic operations integrated during the creation
process.
Messaging service : If there is a requirement for a chat feature that al -
lows realtors and landlords to communicate directly within the con -
text of a partnership proposal, a messaging service needs to be imple -
mented. This service would handle the exchange of messages speciﬁ -
cally tied to a partnership proposal.
From actions to new domains :
Messaging as a new domain : Implementing  the messaging service
might necessitate treating messages as a new domain object within
the partnership proposal. This implies that each message is part of a
list of messages associated with a particular proposal. By deﬁning
messages as a new domain object, basic operations (CRUD) can be
applied directly to each message, reﬂecting the dynamic interaction
between the parties involved. Messages would be stored as child ob -
jects within the partnership proposal domain.
This approach ensures that the Partnership Pr oposal  domain is robust, with
clear responsibilities for each service and consideration for potential expan -
sions such as messaging. This methodical breakdown not only simpliﬁes
system maintenance but also enhances functionality and user experience.
This section is an example of how to ﬁnd key services for your domains and
how to model them properly . This structured approach to deﬁning actions
and considering new domains helps ensure that the system’ s architecture re -
mains robust, scalable, and easy to manage, providing clear pathways for
future enhancements and maintenance. It follows the basic premise of do -
main-driven design, which prioritizes reﬂecting real-world business objects
in your model.
Now , let’s start to lay out the system domain components and the interac -
tion of the dif ferent domains over time.
Crafting your domain diagram
So, here is the thing: if you are working with several domains and ﬁnd th at
you have many of them and tracking starts to become difﬁcult, you will
probably ﬁnd it much easier to map them visually . For the same reasons we
discussed in the ﬁrst chapter , a visual representation will accelerate every -
one’s understanding of your domain.
The process for crafting a domain diagram is quite simple. You will draw
simple boxes where one domain points to another domain with which it has
some relationship. There are several ways to craft this visual, so I will just
provide an example of many of the HomeIt domains we have discussed so
far. The diagram in Figur e 3.1 was created using the same free draw.io
app I have recommended before.
Figure 3.1: HomeIt domain diagram sample
As you can see, I have  added verbs to the arrows, indicating that every do -
main acts in relation to another domain. This domain diagram helps us iden -
tify key ﬂows in the system we are building and provides a more global
view of what we want to build. And, as you can clearly notice, we are mak -
ing it much easier to conceptualize the entire system on just a single page.
From this domain design, we can extract microservices, API contracts,
classes, attributes, ﬂows, and many other components that our Spring
Framework will help deliver .
Note: the dotted arrow I drew in this diagram is to make it easier to follow
the relationship between a rental proposal and a rental property .
I want you to notice another thing here: the Counter offer  domain was ex -
tracted from exploring the possibilities of allowing tenants and landlords to
negotiate the price of a rental property during the Rental Pr oposal  ﬂow .
This domain literally represents an important service we can provide to fa -
cilitate price negotiation, which is a key part of conducting business in the
real world. Additionally , this price negotiation feature helps track the
amount we will see in the payments after the contract is ﬁnalized.
In this sample of the HomeIt domain diagram, I have omitted several do -
mains and use cases that we discussed in previous chapters—for instance,
the Mediation  feature. I did this to simplify the diagram so that we have a
simpler sample to look at and leave some space for you to practice your
own skills, in order to improve your understanding.
Before moving to the next chapter , I want to challenge you to represent oth -
er domains that I have intentionally left out. How would you design the do -
main diagram for these additional  features?
After you have considered your own domain diagram for HomeIt or any
other system you are interested in, we will proceed to learn how to se -
quence activities across domains and services over time, using sequence
diagrams.
Sequencing the activity across
services
Having drilled down into the requirements, we now understand how our
system looks. The domain diagram we just constructed can serve as the ba -
sis for modeling our microservices. However , a crucial, timely question
remains.
How do the domains interact with each other over time? Moreover , how can
we express these interactions over time in the simplest possible manner , so
that all teams understand what to build?
The Rental Proposal sequence diagram
To address  these questions, we turn to the sequence diagram. During my ex -
periences across various programming roles, I have found that this type of
diagram is exceptionally ef fective in explaining how system ﬂows work—
speciﬁcally , how information is passed from one service to another—and in
getting teams to collaborate ef fectively .
To explain it, see Figur e 3.2:

Figure 3.2: Complete rental ﬂow sequence diagram
This sequence diagram illustrates how the core system of HomeIt operates.
Importantly , we have dif ferent actors represented on both sides of the dia -
gram: a tenant on the left, and both a landlord and a realtor on the right side.
Notice that the interactions between these actors do not involve direct com -
munication from one person to another . Instead, the arrows point only to the
domains, demonstrating that interactions occur through the system’ s struc -
tured domains. This design ensures that the domains facilitate and reﬂect
real-world scenarios. For example, it is a natural process for a tenant to
search for a property , negotiate an of fer with the landlord, and handle pay -
ments using their bank accounts. This system setup enables clear and struc -
tured interactions that mirror the practical steps involved in real estate
transactions.
In this diagram, I have highlighted three key domains: Rental Pr operties ,
Rental Pr oposal , and Payments . These domains ef fectively illustrate the
search, negotiation, and payment ﬂow within the system.
Every sequence diagram is structured to clearly show the order in which ac -
tions take place, with time progressing from top to bottom, following the ar -
rows. This setup makes it very easy to understand how services exchange
messages. Arrows in the diagram always point from the system sending the
request to the system receiving the request, clarifying the direction of
communication.
While we could discuss the creation of these domains and the speciﬁc order
of components within the diagram, it is important to note that dif ferent de -
velopers might choose to create the diagram with layouts that best suit their
own visualization of the ﬂow . This ﬂexibility is ﬁne and expected, as it al -
lows developers to adapt the diagram to their individual needs and
understanding.
In this example, I have implicitly indicated that notiﬁcations are exchanged
back and forth within the system, reaching all users. Observing the structure
of this sequence diagram reveals that a notiﬁcation service is crucial and
utilized across dif ferent systems. In light of this, it would be reasonable to
consider adding Notiﬁcation  as a new domain. Introducing this domain
would necessitate some revisions to the domain and sequence diagrams.
However , for the sake of time, and since the sequence diagram would be too
confusing for a book page, I will invite you to make that change. Could you
redesign these diagrams to include the notiﬁcation service?
In this sample diagram, numerous details have been omitted. For example,
the payment system’ s rationale for determining the amount, or how the pay -
ment system interfaces with the banks to execute the transactions is omit -
ted. This raises an important question: how much detail should be included
in a sequence diagram? The answer is as much as necessary to ef fectively
communicate with stakeholders who will look at that speciﬁc sequence dia -
gram. The level of detail will depend on the speciﬁc feature you are work -
ing on and to who you will address that diagram.
Now that we understand what a sequence diagram is, let’ s learn how to ac -
tually create one of them very easily , in the next section.
Introduction to PlantUML as a tool for
building sequence diagrams
Using  PlantUML  to create sequence diagrams is a powerful way to visual -
ize interactions within your system. PlantUML  has been a signiﬁcant tool in
the market for many years, appreciated for its simplicity and ef fectiveness
in diagramming complex systems.
To build similar diagrams, you can  use the free online application available
at plantuml.com . This tool allows you to quickly generate sequence dia -
grams (and other types of diagrams) by writing simple scripts. To get start -
ed, you can take as an example the script I used to render the sequence dia -
gram we have discussed. You can ﬁnd the script here:
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/blob/main/chapter -03/sequence-diagram-sample.txt .
To recreate  the sequence diagram we discussed earlier , you can simply copy
and paste the provided code into the text area on plantuml.com . This online
tool will render the sequence diagram based on the script you input.
PlantUML  is also capable of drawing other kinds of diagrams. But I just use
it today for drawing sequence diagrams. There are plenty of tutorials on the
internet that will teach you how to explore more features of this amazing
and free tool.
Summary
In this chapter , we have covered how to prioritize features ef fectively to
craft a roadmap, and how to identify and articulate the domains necessary
for expressing the essence of our software. Understanding and deﬁning
these domains is crucial, acting as a bridge between robust requirements
and the successful development of great software. An insightful engineer
once emphasized to me the importance of taking considerable time to dis -
cuss naming conventions within software development, as these names fun -
damentally shape the outcome of our features and systems. The right names
can signiﬁcantly facilitate successful software construction.
Additionally , we have tackled a critical step in sequencing activities across
domains to establish a complete ﬂow for our use cases. This sequencing re -
veals more clearly which systems and services need implementation, en -
hancing our understanding and planning processes.
Before progressing to the next chapter , I encourage you to practice the con -
cepts discussed. You might choose to apply these strategies to some use cas -
es from our HomeIt system example, or perhaps explore feature prioritiza -
tion, domain identiﬁcation, and sequence diagramming for the systems you
are currently working on.
Having thoroughly addressed business requirements, I hope you are excited
to move on to the next chapter where I will introduce a holistic approach to
selecting technologies and Spring projects for building our software, tai -
lored to meet our speciﬁed requirements. This will involve diving into the
world of Non-Functional Requir ements  (NFRs ) and exploring how they
inﬂuence the choice of technology and the architecture of our systems.
4
Defining Services for Your
Domains
I am very excited about this chapter . Here, you will be introduced to the
world of technical requirements, or , to be more precise, non-functional re -
quirements. We will go through a deep analysis of the system’ s technical
qualities that you want to implement. This is crucial for ensuring your ap -
plication will survive and stay online.
This chapter is an introduction to the world of thinking through the tech as -
pects of your system. We will explore this subject in more in future chap -
ters, as we write the code for dif ferent services. Here is what we will cover
in this chapter:
What are non-functional requirements?
Why do we need non-functional requirements?
User handling
Basic I/O and data maintenance questions
Processing
Testing
AI, data engineering, and analytics
Disaster recovery
Protocols
Non-functional requirements, as we will see, are the best friends of business
requirements. They are the backbone of the functions and processes we
need to implement for the systems we are developing. Without non-func -
tional requirements, the outcome and performance of a system are mostly
unpredictable.
Understanding non-functional
requirements
So far , everything we  have discussed in the world of business requirements
is considered functional requirements – that is, a business function repre -
sented in code. Such business functions are speciﬁc day-to-day processes
your company needs to perform. In the HomeIt example, functional require -
ments are related to property searches, collecting payment information, and
allowing proposals to be sent between parties. That is all just everyday busi-
ness stuf f.
Conversely , there are non-functional r equir ements . That is, the features
you need to incorporate in your software such that the functional or busi -
ness requirements are sustained over time and all users can beneﬁt from
your software.
Think about it this way: one requirement is the choice to support Visa credit
cards on your payments. Another requirement is making sure your software
can support up to one thousand credit card payments per minute. Those are
requirements from different levels.
Supporting credit card payments is a functional piece of your software.
Making sure you can process a lot of payments at the same time is a non-
functional or supporting aspect of your software.
Now , you might ask yourself this: Why do we need non-functional require -
ments? Many big businesses do not actually think too much, or too thor -
oughly , about non-functional requirements. That is, they are too focused on
the business process but not on ensuring the systems can support a wide
range of challenging situations. Things such as a big spike in the number of
users on a website can make it stop working completely . You want to make
sure your systems can work under heavy loads. Your software cannot fail.
Or, if it fails, you will want to ensure it can recover without making data
inconsistent.
In the next sections, we will talk about the various aspects of non-functional
requirements. I will equip you with loads of great questions to ask when de -
signing software. This is my personal treasure chest of great questions I
have collected through years of software development. I go back to it from
time to time to ensure the systems I am working on have the right support
for the situations we need to go through.
Bear in mind that many of those questions are half explained in this chapter .
These are questions we will get back to exploring throughout the rest of the
book. This chapter will become your go-to place for ﬁnding a very rich set
of questions at once. However , the practical details will be explored in all
future chapters. There is a lot to talk about, so let’s start.
Handling user requirements
When we start building a system or a feature in a system, it is important to
think about how to handle our users. Many of these questions, such as the
type of users that will exist in the system, were already tackled in the previ -
ous chapters. Here are some other questions for user handling:
What is the perfect user journey like?
Are there user “levels,” “types,” or both?
Do we have human users in our system?
Do we have other systems as clients/users?
How will each user onboarding be done?
How will other systems be authorized to access the dif ferent system
functions?
How will authentication and authorization be handled by human users?
What kind of devices will the users have, and how will they restrict/en -
able the user experience?
What are the data formats each user can handle properly? What are the
data formats we need to show to these users?
Which important user actions need to be fed into BI systems (such as
conversion data), and why? How will you anonymize user data so you
can achieve data compliance standards such as GDPR, which requires
user personal information to be fully protected? If your system requires
personal information, how will users consent to use such data? How will
you avoid the misuse of personal user information by any agent in your
organization (from development to operations, marketing, etc.)?
How will the frontend be best served to users? Through browsers,
clients, or mobile apps?
Is there any need to keep real-time, live connections among users or
users and systems?
Let’s explore and try to answer these questions using the HomeIt project.
After reading these questions, we can sense that it could be a good opportu -
nity to think about a mobile experience in which the user could search for
nearby properties by using GPS. Maybe it is a clever idea to serve search
results in CVS format if the user is in a desktop environment and prefers us -
ing Excel and other similar software for triaging properties. It is probably a
good idea to use the OAuth 2.0 protocol to give access/permission for dif -
ferent users. Maybe we want to enable API access for other developers to
be able to fetch data from our website. We probably want to track and log
payment actions in such a way that it is easier to ﬁnd out whether or not
there are fraud attempts.
There are countless  other things we could think of by thinking through
those questions. What are other non-functional aspects you could think of?
Now , let’s talk about how to handle data.
I/O and data maintenance
requirements
This is where we  think about how to handle data in our system. So, depend -
ing on the feature you are building, you will want to go through each of
these questions in order to better think about which technology problems
we’re facing and how to solve them in our software. Here are the key ques -
tions you should address:
What are the inputs and outputs expected? For instance, in HomeIt, what
images do we need as input for a rental property registration, and what is
the output format when we ﬁnish processing the media ﬁles?
Which data types will be used? Are we expecting to receive PNG, JPG,
or videos? What kind of data do we expect to receive in each important
process in our system?
Does data need to be geo-referenced?
How many dif ferent entities or business objects do you have?
What is the data structure used? For example, in our rental property
search feature, what data should we return from the backend to the front -
end? A list, a map? What is the best data structure given the requirements
for the search feature?
Are we generating combinations or permutations in an automated way?
For instance, if we generate IDs for rental properties in an automated
way, are we generating that data properly? Or does our algorithm fail at
creating unique IDs for each property registered by landlords?
What is the universe size of data, or how much space will it occupy? Are
we able to generate as many combinations as we need for our use case?
Is our data space too restricted or too big? For example, for identifying
rental properties, how are we creating IDs for each one of them? Does
our ID system allow us to generate as many IDs as our system needs in
the long term? Or , are we constrained by the size of the data type
chosen?
What level of precision do we need to have in our data?
Do we have an acceptable error tolerance mar gin?
Is it transactional data that is important to keep?
Does the data need to be 100% consistent right away? Or , are we OK
with creating inconsistent data that can be sorted later by other process -
es, and consistency might be resolved later downstream in the process?
What kinds of I/O channels should be used? Will your function require
network access? Do you need to load or store data in a database or a hard
drive? Do you have a memory-intense application or use case?
Will we persist data? Which kind of persistence storage will be used?
What is the required input-output per  second  (IOPS ), storage volume,
durability , and latency (how much time can we af ford to wait for the sys-
tem’s response)?
Will the persisted data use ﬁlesystems or databases? In the case of
ﬁlesystems, which kind of persistent storage should we choose?
Should we pick an instance store? This is the hard drive of the server
you will host your application on; this option is usually limited to a
maximum size (it’ s considered a temporary storage type, but it’s fast).
Should it be block storage? That is a persistent hard drive in the net -
work, which is  fast but dedicated to just one computer , some network
ﬁlesystem (which you do not need to care that much about maximum
size, it is not as fast but it can be attached on multiple computers)
Or, should it be object storage, such as Amazon S3 and other similar
offerings from cloud vendors, which is extremely scalable?
Will there be concurrent access or writes to the ﬁles?
Which kind of protocols will be used to transmit/receive data? Will you
need Transmission Contr ol Pr otocol  (TCP ), User  Datagram Pr otocol
(UDP ), FTP , HTTP , or GraphQL?
Is a full text search needed?
Which kind of sorting/querying patterns exist in the system? For exam -
ple, in HomeIt, optimizing for queries around ZIP  code or street names is
expected. Sorting the system rental properties geographically (by ZIP
code) might be interesting, depending on the expected user behavior .
Which data representations will be used? Will it be XML, JSON, Avro,
Protocol Buffers  (Protobuf ), binary , tables, or ﬁles?
Which protocols can support the data size and communication
requirements?
Is any optimization needed to store or transfer information? Do we need
to work with dif ferent ﬁle resolutions, ﬁle types, and so on?
Is there a pruning, time-to-live  (TTL ), or data cleaning needed?
Does data need to be encrypted in transit or at rest?
Is data sharding needed? For your reference, see the following:
Vertical sharding is dif ferent tables on different servers.
Horizontal sharding is the same table spread across dif ferent servers,
separated by attribute values
Is the data accessed too frequently or infrequently , or is it archived data
that is mostly not accessed? How fast should we be able to access the
data if it is archived?
How long does the data need to be kept? Are there dif ferent data cate -
gories with dif ferent time persistence requirements?
Does data need to be masked? Do we have personally identiﬁable in -
formation  (PII) that needs to be hidden from some users?
Can async processing help speed things up?
Is data pagination required for this service?
Can some packages be lost in trafﬁc (by using UDP , which is more ap -
propriate when you are doing live streams, and you could have some
packages lost without meaningful quality reduction in video, audio, etc.)
or is there the need for high consistency (that is the case for TCP/HTTP ,
in which you cannot lose any bytes while transmitting information)?
Are there any compliance restrictions regarding how , where, when, and
for how long data should be stored? Which regulations are at play and
need to be observed?
What are the costs associated with data storage?
Again, there are a lot of questions here. Let us answer a few of the ques -
tions that pertain to our Homelt example’ s context. Let’ s consider that we
are doing an analysis of the property search feature. In that case, we will
certainly need pagination capabilities, and yes, we do have PII information
that identiﬁes the landlord. Perhaps we want to hide the landlord informa -
tion from random, unregistered users? That is a possibility . The search fea -
ture needs to return exact data, so we will use TCP as the data transfer pro -
tocol. We also need to provide sorting capabilities for our searches. If we
ﬁnd out that our database has a lot of data, we need to work on the search
feature in such a way that the time for the answer is short. We want a fast
search implementation.
In the property registration, we are sending both text data and images. We
must think about how to pay for image storage. We could assume we will
resort to an S3 bucket to store all images  since this cloud resource is great
for dealing with such data. However , we would have to do a thorough study
of how much data we will be storing and how much that will cost over time.
Considering that each rental property will take a fair amount of data storage
space, due to the media resources we’re allowing the users to upload, what
could be the best way to pay for that? Should we assume that every user
will be able to upload as many images as they want, and we can cover that
cost from our service fees when we are helping landlords rent their proper -
ties? If yes, then the media storage space is an important part of our in-
frastructure cost.
As you go through the data storage questions, there are a lot of great in -
sights you can study with the  product team to make your service better suit -
ed for your current use case. What are other non-functional aspects you can
think of when considering data handling needs?
After talking about data, let’ s have a quick look at other aspects of storing
the data.
Exploring sizing requirements
Given the data structures and types you will be using, what is the size in
bytes of the data created? How many bytes does a single object occupy in
memory? How many bytes would a big list of those objects require? Those
are important things to assess.
How many objects will exist over time, and what is the growth plan of
that object number?
How much disk space is needed over time to account for storing those
objects?
How much RAM is needed to manage queries and the dif ferent data han -
dling capabilities you will need to implement?
Depending on your use case, dif ferent algorithms will be recommended due
to the size in bytes of your information. For instance, if you implement a
feature that requires a query for a set of rental properties, you need to assess
how many objects you will be able to load in memory at the same time.
Ideally , if you need to load thousands or even hundreds of thousands of ob -
jects from a database, you will want to manage these objects using streams
instead of whole collections, given collections load all objects simultane -
ously in  memory , while streams are just like cycling through objects, load -
ing and discarding one by one, as you operate through them.
Storage types
Here are some aspects of dealing with  different kinds of data that you will
want to consider:
SQL  Databases (Live Transaction Data) : First, if  you are dealing with
important live transaction data in such a way that you need it to be fully
consistent, you will want to use SQL  databases (Oracle, SQL  Server ,
Postgres, MySQL  etc.). For example, you should use SQL  databases if
you are programming a feature that deals with money , such as payment
systems and money exchanges of any sort, or if you need to keep a
record of some product inventory . Perhaps you just want to get a safe
and consistent place to store user data. All these are great use cases for
SQL databases because they enforce data and transaction consistency
when done right.
NoSQL  Databases : If you are  dealing with unstructured data (a classic
example of this is the product information in an e-commerce catalog), or
if you are dealing with just text data that forms entities that do not have a
totally enforced format, then NoSQL  databases, such as MongoDB, will
be great. NoSQL  databases will usually have fewer restrictions to data
access, which basically means that they can be faster than SQL  databases
(that is not true in all cases, though). Other NoSQL  examples are
Couchbase, Cassandra, DynamoDB, and so on.
Binary Files : When  dealing with ﬁles themselves, it would be good to
use Amazon-S3-like services, which allow you to store and retrieve indi -
vidual ﬁles using HTTP  requests. For blob data, static ﬁles, and media
(images, video), you might also think about using Secur e File Transfer
Protocol  (SFTP ) or Network File System  (NFS ); when ﬁles are ex -
tremely lar ge, you do not need to expose them directly in websites but
you need access to them as if you were accessing a regular ﬁlesystem.
Do you need to make heavy ﬁles available for a partner? Maybe an
SFTP  is good enough, which allows encrypted access to a directory that
can be mapped remotely and behaves like a local hard drive directory .
Do you just need your services to have access to some heavy ﬁles and do
you want a speciﬁc ﬁlesystem in place to manage the lar ge objects as if
they were local  directories to your services? Then, maybe you need a
shared ﬁlesystem using NFS.
Content Delivery Network (CDN) : When dealing with static ﬁles, if
you need to deliver them to your users in a very low-latency mode – in
other words, if you need a blazing fast retrieval time for your users, es -
pecially when they are using a browser or a mobile app – you should
consider using a CDN. It will keep a cached version of your system’ s
static ﬁles geographically closer to your user . CDNs are typically used
for accelerating the retrieval of  website resources, such as images,
videos, fonts, static HTML  pages, and so on.
Text Sear ch: If you need to provide speciﬁc search capabilities to your
website, then you cannot go wrong with Elasticsearch. Bear in mind that
Postgres also has great search capabilities (actually , Postgres has a lot of
use cases for data storage and management, in a brilliant way).
Fast and Highly Available Data : If you need a lar ge set of data that
should be very fast to  consume and you have simple tables with simple
queries to access, maybe you will want to use Cassandra as your data -
base. It also has incredibly special capabilities for making data highly
available. I have seen Cassandra used very ef fectively to store user cook -
ies and credential hashes, in such a way that retrieving that data for vali -
dating user actions was an extremely fast operation. Another option for
bringing the same fast-retrieval qualities for simpler data structures is us -
ing DynamoDB, a cloud-native service from AWS.
Events Hub : If you need to choose a storage system for your events,
there are great alternatives: either you will choose Apache Kafka (the ob -
vious choice for the market) or a cloud-native service, such as Kinesis,
from AWS. Although they have dif ferent properties and serve dif ferent
purposes, they are both used to provide real-time processing capabilities
for your systems.
Mobile data storage : If you need data storage for mobile devices, you
can consider choosing SQLite or Realm as great solutions. They have
excellent features that work on devices with restricted hardware.
Analytics : When you think about analytics data storage, you will need to
think a bit about your  use case. If you have very lar ge sets of data that
you want to batch process in parallel ways, you can choose Hadoop. If
what you truly want is a very fast processing time of data streams, you
will need Apache Spark. If you just want a data warehouse that can store
very lar ge sets of data for your reports, you will want to use something
like Snowﬂake. As you can tell, there are other very  good options in this
area, but they are mostly ﬁne-tuned to speciﬁc usage scenarios.
Geospatial Databases : If what you want is to store geographic data in
your application, that  means your database needs to support special geo -
graphic data types. Most big SQL  vendors already support them. Oracle,
MS SQL  Server , and even Postgres bring support to those special data
types.
Graph databases : Suppose  you want to represent your data as a net -
work, or a graph. A classic example of this would be a social network, in
which people follow other people. To represent that kind of data in stor -
age, you can use special graph databases. Two examples are Neptune and
Neo4J. Graph databases make it much faster to operate searches and
navigate through relationships since the relationships themselves are rep -
resented in storage. In comparison, SQL  databases will usually be slow -
er, since the relationships are represented with foreign keys, and they
need to be calculated during the query . Graph databases maintain the re -
lationship representation in primitive database structures.
Caching : If you need to store and access simple data structures with ex -
tremely fast retrieval time and you don’ t care too much about the actual
persistence of that data, you can go with in-memory databases, such as
Redis and Memcache. Although having dif ferent features (Redis of fers
data persistence and supports more complex data structures), they serve
the same purpose. Usually , both databases are used in front of persistent
storage to speed up data retrieval by creating temporary data caching.
Time Series Data : When your information is time-sensitive – in other
words, if optimized time-ordered data will make a dif ference in your use
case – you can choose what we call a time series database . InﬂuxDB is
an example of this use case. It makes it much faster to retrieve data or -
dered by time, and it makes it faster to also slice your data in a time-sen -
sitive manner . Time series databases are also optimized for writing and
their data ingestion is much faster . It does not seem too much, but think
about use cases for reporting, for example. If you want to plot charts in
real time and you are showing events on a chart, time series databases
will be the best choice for that. Another great technology for handling
time series data is Prometheus. The twist in this case is that this database
can pull data from sources over time and helps create alerts for  metrics.
This makes Prometheus a great choice for monitoring systems.
Aggr egated Logging : A special case for search-capable databases is log
aggregators. In the past, when monolithic applications were the norm, it
was a common situation to just have a single, huge log ﬁle for our ap -
plications and triaging issues was nothing but a matter of logging in a
server and ﬁltering ﬁles for exceptions. Those were the days of mono -
lithic architecture. Today , microservices are very common; we have
dozens of containers with lots of smaller applications. What do you in
that case? How can we troubleshoot our apps? Enter log aggregators.
Technologies such as Sumo Logic, Datadog, and Splunk are special data -
bases used for , among other things, aggregating and indexing logs from
diverse services and their respective pods/containers. They make it quite
easy to query logs across dozens of microservice instances.
Now that we have talked a lot about data storage, let’ s study how we
process our data.
Requirements for data processing
Besides users and data handling, we also need to think about how we are
processing the data we are storing and representing. These are the questions
I have used repeatedly to think through data processing matters when deal -
ing with systems design and programming:
What algorithms can be used to solve the problem quickly?
What latency or time response is needed by your remote client systems?
Is geographic proximity relevant?
What are the data states?
What is its life cycle? How is an object created? How does it live
through time? How does it die?
Is lagging in information allowed?
Is high availability necessary?
What kind of scalability do you need? Which of the following should it
be?
Horizontal : Should multiple servers handle your requests?
Vertical : Should you upgrade your server hardware to deal with heav -
ier workloads?
How about  resiliency? Do you need your services to be able to keep
serving requests when a failure happens at some point in your architec -
ture? Do you need to implement fault tolerance, such as making your ap -
plication capable of recovering from failure without losing meaningful
data?
What is your  expected throughput  (TP)? How many requests per sec -
ond do you expect to handle? How many read and write attempts will
you need to deal with? How much input or output in bytes per second?
Do these TPs change during the day/weeks/months/years, meaning do
you have more operations happening at a speciﬁc time?
Is there any single point of failure?
How many concurrent users are there at a time?
What are the possible bottlenecks, and how do you solve them?
Is there any delayed operation allowed or needed?
Is any recurring operation needed on your system? Do you need batch
jobs to consolidate data once a day? Do you need to regularly export
data to other systems on a regular schedule? Do you need to transform
data and send it to other systems, such as data warehouses?
Is there any bulk data operation necessary? Do you need any system that
will process a lot of data at once? For instance, suppose that in HomeIt,
you add all media for dif ferent properties to a queue, then at an hourly
basis, a single process moves through the entire queue and works the en -
tire media batch at once, producing  optimized images of dif ferent sizes
for dif ferent parts of your website.
Is streaming data needed?
Will data need to be treated with buf fering?
Can the processing be done in parallel?
For the data amount projected, is there any need for high-performance
computing?
Do you have concurrency happening on your system, with dif ferent re -
quests trying to access the same resources? Do you face race conditions,
in which two requests try to change the same resource simultaneously?
Is there any need for adjusting algorithms or data formats at runtime, de -
pending on devices?
Does the system support ofﬂine usage?
Is caching needed for processing stuf f or consulting external systems?
Is clustering needed?
How much will the data amount handled vary at runtime?
What is the maximum time tolerated for spinning up a service?
Is real-time computation a critical feature?
Which events need to be published, regular states or errors, and why?
Which other systems need to be notiﬁed by this system?
Which kinds of failures are possible?
What kind of errors will the system return in case of failure?
How will the system try to recover from errors?
What error alarms will be available?
By using these processing questions to think about our HomeIt system, we
can think of a few interesting points. For instance, when we are considering
the rental property media, it seems likely that we will need to provide fast
computation time to create thumbnails from the original user images. We
also need to make sure that we can recover from image processing failures.
When considering the times at which the system has a heavier load, we
could think that between 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. are the busiest hours. In that case,
we should probably have some infrastructure in place that is capable of
scaling up and down to deal with heavier or lighter loads, depending on the
time of the day . We want a cluster capable of doing image processing for
multiple users at the same time. But how many users do we want to simulta -
neously serve? We certainly do not want the image processing service to be -
come a bottleneck. Otherwise, we will face a lot of delays and errors when
multiple landlords are trying to register their rental properties concurrently .
Which other aspects of the HomeIt system call your attention when you go
over the dif ferent questions in this section?
In the next section, we will look at a few important testing questions.
Testing requirements
We will look at  testing across the book. However , for starters, let’ s consider
the following questions, which will help us understand how we will design
a test approach for our applications. Here are the questions:
How will your features be tested?
Are there dif ferent kinds of testing required for dif ferent parts of your
system?
How much unit testing do we want to do?
How much integrated testing do we want to have?
Will we have behavior or UI testing?
What are the collateral ef fects of this design choice? Are there unintend -
ed consequences for choosing the program structure in the way we did?
If there are collateral ef fects, are they desirable or completely
undesirable?
Just to explore it a bit with a good scenario, we could assume that the
HomeIt systems will have both unit tests and integration tests. UI tests are
not a subject for this book, since we are mainly talking about backend soft -
ware development using Spring 6.
AI, data engineering, and analytics
requirements
I have a few critical  questions for data analysis. They help guide the main
concerns regarding data. This book will have some chapters devoted to data
analysis techniques using Spring 6, but you should look for more references
if you genuinely want to get a deeper understanding of how to work with
data. Here are the main questions:
Which kinds of reports and analyses will be needed in these systems?
What are the key business performance indicators we need to track?
Are we able to extract  those key performance indicators  (KPIs ) from
the current data?
Are we able to project those KPIs from the current data design?
Will any ETL  be needed? How would we build the extraction, transfor -
mations, and data loading?
Is machine learning needed in this product? Do we need any data
tagging/categorization systems?
Do we need to use any regression techniques?
Do we need to use generative AI somewhere?
Data analytics is a very crucial topic for businesses for multiple reasons. If
we think about the HomeIt startup, we could project dashboards to show
revenue on a daily basis. We could also report the number of proposals that
were closed/rejected. We could show the number of counterof fers that were
created in a proposal, on average. Additionally , we could report the number
of users registering on the website (even by separating the users of dif ferent
types in the analytics dashboard).
On another note, we could automatically create easy-to-use tags for ﬁltering
properties, depending on the content of the property descriptions. We could
also help landlords improve their descriptions using generative AI to correct
texts, create more enticing descriptions, and things like that. Of course, to
build dashboards, we will need to think about the kind of technologies we
need to have in place to allow superior performance on ETL  systems. We
could also have a real-time fraud detection system by using  machine learn -
ing to react to important user attempts.
The possibilities are endless regarding reporting and data analytics.
Disaster recovery capabilities
Another key system aspect to think about – and this is a very important one
that many companies will overlook – is thinking about disaster recovery ca -
pabilities. Suppose your company building is set on ﬁre by accident. Will
you be able to keep all key systems operational? If a hacker manages to in -
vade your servers, how will you be able to shut down their access and get
the systems to operate normally again? How fast will you be able to do such
things? Here are some more questions to help your assessment:
What is the frequency of the needed backup?
How much time can be tolerated from data loss to the last backup point?
How many backup events will be kept?
How is the backup data stored?
Will there be any redundancy of backups?
Who will have access to the backups?
What is the tar get recovery time from disasters?
How much downtime is tolerated?
How will the restoration process be done? What will trigger it?
What geographic regions will be used to prevent disasters?
Which strategy will be used? Would it be backup/restore, pilot light, or
hotsite/multisite?
In our home IT  system, there are simple things that can be done, such as
choosing policies for a daily backup of the database. In fact, there are cloud
providers that have those capabilities out of the box. The retention window
is also another important thing to consider . For example, we could deﬁne
that a database snapshot can be done every day . Also, the retention window
could be a whole week. In that way , we always have the last seven
snapshots.
Depending on the size of the damage and recovery capabilities you want to
account for , we could set dif ferent policies for allowing faster or slower re -
covery . For instance, if you want to have a fully operational database replica
ready for your application to connect to, in case of a failure of the primary
database instance, then you will need to pay for that additional instance and
set up your system in a way that you get all write operations immediately
applied to the disaster recovery database, as they are happening in real time.
That is, there are a lot of dif ferent and possible conﬁgurations and designs
you can use to make sure the system will be able to come back online if
some outage happens.
In the next section, we will discuss the dif ferent protocols used to imple -
ment communication on your applications.
Choosing protocols
In the last few  sections, we talked about storage, processing, data formats,
how users are onboarded, kinds of users, and so on. Now , we need to be
mindful about how to transfer objects. Which protocols will we choose in
order to exchange data between services?
RESTful APIs : We choose simple Repr esentational State Transfer
(REST ) designs when we want to allow our service to be accessible in a
straightforward, standard way , using the basic HTTP  protocol methods.
As the most used data transfer pattern today , you can safely make your
services available using this standard. There are a few drawbacks to
REST  services, though. The biggest one is that the JSON object repre -
sentation is considered to consume too much bandwidth, compared to
newer protocols, such as Google’ s Remote Pr ocedur e Calls  (gRPC ).
Rest services make it very simple for users to read and understand the
data being exchanged and represented. All in all, it is pretty easy to go
with this option when implementing services since there are a lot of peo -
ple who know how RESTful services work.
gRPC : If you’re  seeking a less verbose protocol with higher TP than
REST , gRPC is a strong alternative. It uses HTTP/2 for transport and
Protobuf for efﬁcient data serialization, of fering low latency and bidirec -
tional streaming. gRPC is suitable for resilient, high-performance ap -
plications, especially in event-driven architectures.
WebSockets / WebRTC: WebSockets provide a full-duplex communica -
tion channel over a single TCP connection, allowing real-time data trans -
fer between clients and servers. They enable efﬁcient, persistent connec -
tions, which are ideal for chat applications, live data feeds, and collabo -
rative tools.
Web Real-T ime Communication (W ebRTC): This is a protocol suite
enabling  peer -to-peer audio, video, and data sharing directly between
web browsers or apps. It powers application features such as video con -
ferencing and ﬁle sharing, of fering low-latency communication without
intermediaries.
GraphQL : GraphQL  is a query language and runtime for APIs devel -
oped by Facebook that provides a ﬂexible, efﬁcient approach to data re -
trieval. GraphQL  allows clients to request exactly the data they need, re -
ducing over -fetching and under -fetching. It or ganizes data in a schema-
based, strongly typed structure, enabling clients to query multiple re -
sources in a single request. It also supports real-time data with subscrip -
tions and allows developers to shape their API responses precisely to
match frontend requirements.
As you can see, there are very dif ferent approaches to enabling data ex -
change between your different services.
Summary
In this chapter , we had an overview of the dif ferent technical aspects you
need to think about when designing your application. This chapter is not
supposed to be the only resource you will use to dive into the technical re -
quirements. It usually takes a whole team with dif ferent specialists to make
such decisions.
When you are in a big company , many of those decisions will already be
made for you. However , it is important to know how to raise the discussions
and understand what assumptions are currently made, and how they af fect
the overall application performance. With this guide, you will probably be
much more ef fective at raising good questions and exposing risks and weak
spots in the systems you are working with.
There are other aspects of software development you will need to think
through to deliver great systems. For now , this is a great starting point. The
following is a checklist I often go back to, and it helped me to assess many
applications and ﬁnd opportunities for improvement.
When thinking about your systems, you should consider these questions:
How will you handle your users?
How will you represent the application data?
How will you process the application data?
How will you store your data?
How will you transfer your data?
With these aspects and analysis in mind, we can ﬁnally start to understand
how Spring can help you in building such systems. In the next chapter , we
will dive into Spring Framework coding. Let’ s talk about service design and
programming.
Part 2: Designing Great Spring
Services
With a solid foundation in place, it’ s time to start coding. This part covers
the process of translating requirements into well-structured APIs and ser -
vices using the Spring Framework. We’ll deﬁne REST  APIs, implement ser -
vice layers, manage dependencies, and ensure that our services communi -
cate ef fectively with databases and external systems.
This part has the following chapters:
Chapter 5 , Writing Y our Services – Intr oducing REST  APIs with the
Spring Framework
Chapter 6 , Translating Business Requir ements into W ell-Designed
Spring APIs
Chapter 7 , Handling Data and Evolving Y our Micr oservice
5
Writing Your Services – Introducing
REST APIs with the Spring
Framework
We are ﬁnally ready to start coding! This chapter provides the link between
all the product and system analyses we have done in previous chapters and
what it takes to get those ideas to solid Spring services.
These are the topics we are going to cover in this chapter:
Moving from domain design to programming
Introducing the HTTP  protocol
Writing your ﬁrst Spring app
Designing your API services
How Spring apps run internally
Creating RESTful APIs in Spring
Some sections will feel a bit like a review for more experienced developers.
If you prefer , you can skip the sections in which we go back to some HTTP
fundamentals.
After reviewing the important HTTP  knowledge needed to understand how
the protocol works, we will introduce you to the inner world of Spring
beans and how the framework handles key objects for you. Then, we will
move on to how to write good controllers using the Spring Web project,
which enables your API to properly handle HTTP  requests. Also, we will
have plenty of examples of how to add validation to our input data.
Alright, enough of introductions. Let’ s start our journey!
Technical requirements
You will need the following tools installed:
Java 21 SDK : The standard Java Software Development Kit, version 21
Gradle : An industry-standard built tool
IntelliJ Community edition : The free version of one of the lead inte-
grated development envir onments  (IDEs ) for the Java language
SDKMAN : A package manager software we use to install Java and
Gradle
Moving from domain design to
programming
Let’s recap  what you have learned so far . By going through our HomeIt ex -
ample across the ﬁrst chapters, if you followed all the proposed exercises,
we did a series of business requirements analyses for your product. We
delved into the details of how a feature should work. We studied lifecycles,
inputs, outputs, users, and so on. We ended up with user stories and use case
descriptions for dif ferent features. We then deﬁned domains and services for
our application and created great domain and sequence diagrams. After all
this, we studied how to think about non-functional requirements – that is,
how to think about our system constraints so that we can choose the right
technologies to implement our services.
This chapter is the ﬁrst one in which we will write our ﬁrst services using
the Spring Framework. Are you excited? By learning the ﬁrst lessons in this
book, we have been equipped with great tools that turn us into true system
analysts. Next time you get a ticket to implement something, you can now
go back to the foundations of those tickets and user stories and dive deep
into a series of critical reasoning processes that will help you lead a boat -
load of great conversations with your team.
For instance, how do we go from our domain and sequence diagrams to ef -
fectively writing our software?
The ﬁrst thing we will want to discover is how many actual “programs” we
will need in our system. Back in the old days of the internet, we used to
have just one backend service for a whole website. The code we had written
would basically implement all domains and services in a single code base
and would be compiled in just one binary – or in the case of PHP , the pages
would be “packaged” into one directory that would be served by a single
HTTP  server (Apache, for the vast majority). Then there were server repli -
cas: the same program was run across multiple computers so that we could
serve more users. That was it.
The old days were simpler , and these were called monoliths . But that de -
sign carried many issues. The main one was that monolithic programs
would grow into an enormous amount of code that would become unmain -
tainable. Another huge problem was that big monolithic services would re -
quire an enormous amount of system resources – CPU, memory , and so on.
Developers started to realize that, to avoid those big constraints (and many
others), services could be broken down into dif ferent smaller and simpler
programs. Today , there are companies with dozens or even hundreds of
those different programs. These are called the micr oservice ar chitectur es.
The idea in the microservice architectures was that your domains and ser -
vices would be split across a certain number of programs so that they could
talk to each other . The promise in the land of microservices was that pro -
gramming would become simpler , by allowing us to maintain smaller ser -
vices separated from each other . Each service would use fewer resources,
the code base would be smaller , and a team could be specialized into just a
few domains, instead of carrying the responsibility of maintaining a whole
monolith with many business areas implemented in the same code base.
However , the microservice hype did not live up to its promise. Microservice
architectures can become very complex. For example, when we have a
transaction going, how do we guarantee that dif ferent programs maintain
100% consistency across the sequence diagram ﬂow? If one of the systems
fails during an update, how can we guarantee that other services do not
keep the wrong object states if they are using dif ferent databases? That is
just for starting the conversation. There are many other drawbacks to choos -
ing to write microservices.
Well, today , monoliths and microservices will co-exist. It is up to you to un -
derstand when you should write one or more programs to reﬂect your do -
main diagram. This ﬁgure illustrates what usually happens between both ex -
tremes of monolith and microservices architectures:
Figure 5.1: Company size versus number of server applications
By looking at the dif ferent quadrants in the ﬁgure, you can see the relation -
ship between the number of servers and the number of domains in each
server .
What should drive your decision when implementing a new feature? Should
you just add that feature to an existing code base or should you just start a
new service from scratch on a brand-new Spring project? Here is a good set
of steps to help you decide:
1. If you are dealing with legacy code, you will face a few servers with a
lot of code in each one, reﬂecting an enormous number of domains in
each ( quadrant a ). If that is the case and your product team decides to
release something new , avoid changing the legacy server . Otherwise, you
will deal with things such as not being able to even run the server on
your machine (that is a common problem with legacy servers). To help
you implement microservices on top of legacy services, go for what we
call the “strangler pattern” – that is, implement a new program that will
override and replace the services implemented inside the old legacy ser -
vice. There is a whole book to learn about all kinds of strategies for im -
plementing the strangler pattern and its variations called Monolith to
Micr oservices: Evolutionary Patterns to T ransform Y our Monolith , by
Sam Newman.
2. If you are working for a start-up ( quadrant b ), you might do well by
starting with a monolith, as start-ups usually choose speed over opti -
mization. Writing a monolith will help you release things faster in the
beginning. Also, since start-up services will not have too much request
volume at ﬁrst, you should be able to move things to production and iter -
ate faster by just having one system to take care of, even if it is not fully
optimized. When the user volume starts to scale up and the most suc -
cessful services start to show up, you can think about moving them to
their own microservices, optimizing them for performance, scalability ,
and maintainability . This monolith-to-microservice bootstrap process
will help you avoid spending too much money and time on conﬁguring a
microservice cloud in the beginning, which can be detrimental to the
speed a start-up needs to be successful.
3. If you work for a company that has some maturity , a lot of microser -
vices, and a strong budget for software development, you wil l probably
work with dev teams for dif ferent systems and areas ( quadrant c ). In that
situation, you can evaluate the need for creating new microservices when
adding features to your software. Unless there is already a service to take
care of a speciﬁc domain you were asked to develop, you will be ﬁne by
creating a brand-new program/microservice for tackling some new
requirements.
4. If you work for a company with too many systems that have a lot of code
and domains inside, feeling like a multi-monolith architecture ( quadrant
d), that will mean you got the worst of both worlds: bloated code that is
difﬁcult to understand, manage, and develop and a lot of servers requir -
ing heavy resources. This is what I call the red zone ; you should avoid
that scenario at all costs. If you ﬁnd yourself in that environment, you
should evaluate the possibility of refactoring your services, moving them
to more general approaches that can reduce the lines of code required to
release something new . The key is to ﬁnd similar domains, use cases, and
objects that could be collapsed into a single service. That service should
implement dif ferent use cases by using conﬁguration objects and ﬁles,
instead of relying on new code for new releases. Moving the dif ferences
between similar objects to conﬁguration ﬁles will be key to allowing for
more manageability , speed of implementation, and time to market.
PREPARING THE RIGHT WAY FOR THE UPCOMING FEATURES
The scenarios under each quadrant ar e pretty easy to understand, but I
would like to expand a bit on quadrant d  by cir cling back to something we
talked about in Chapter 2 , which is thinking in the long term. Suppose the
HomeIt company wants to operate in 10 countries and alr eady has a differ -
ent code base for 4 payment methods in the country they operate in today .
That amounts to lots of differ ent implementations of the same thing (a pay -
ment method) for the new countries they will enter in the next years. Y ou
will want to pr ovide a faster way of implementing the differ ent payment
methods in the futur e. In that case, you can look at what is common acr oss
the differ ent payment method services and cr eate just one service to sup -
port all futur e payments. The idea is that you should be able to conﬁgur e
new payment methods, instead of having to write them in code.
So, let us wrap this up by doing some more HomeIt examples. Let’ s start by
considering these dif ferent microservices to be programmed:
User service, which allows registering, storing, and retrieving user data
for tenants, landlords, and realtors
Rental property service, which helps register new properties and retrieve
data through high-performance search capabilities
Partnership proposal service, which helps register and manage rental
proposals
Payment service, which allows both storing user payment data and pro -
cessing the user payment
These are some examples of the actual programs and microservices that
could help us develop the HomeIt startup sample project. What other ser -
vices or programs do you think would be interesting to have on this list?
Microservice communication
Okay , so we have  given some thought to whether or not we should add new
microservices to our architectures. Now , since this book is mostly about mi -
croservices, we need to understand how they actually communicate with
each other . In order to learn that, I would like you to look at this next
diagram:
Figure 5.2: The OSI model
This model is what we call the Open System Inter connection  (OSI) mod -
el. This is a conceptual model designed by the International Organization
for Standardization  (ISO). It makes it easy to understand our  regular net -
work stack and identify exactly how internet applications are developed,
from wiring technology up to your application.
There are many  great articles about the OSI model on the internet, and since
it is not the main topic of the book, we will not explore it further . I just
wanted to call your attention to it so you have a clearer perspective on what
your application is sitting on top of. From the base physical layer up to the
data link, network, transport, session, and presentation layers, our applica -
tion will generally use the protocols in layer 7, the application layer .
In the next section, we will dissect the dif ferent pieces of the HTTP  proto -
col – the main one we will be using to create our services.
Introducing the HTTP protocol
Sitting on layer 7 of the OSI model, the Hyper -Text Transfer  Protocol
(HTTP ) is the railroad through which our applications will send and re -
ceive data over the network. It was created originally by Tim Berners-Lee
to transfer HTML  pages between browsers.
YOUR BROWSER WORKS ON TOP OF HTTP
This section intr oduces the exact way in which your br owser connects to
websites. Ther e might be some differ ences, which we will highlight in the
next chapters. But the essence of br owsing the internet is the explanation
we will go over her e.
The beauty of HTTP  is that the protocol is readable by humans. By using
simple commands, it is possible to actually understand what data the client
and servers are exchanging.
We can get a glimpse of the exact power of the HTTP  protocol by using the
curl  command. This terminal command is available in all major operating
systems, including Windows 10+.
For example, this is the output of a curl -vvvvv httpbin.org/ip
command in my machine on Ubuntu Linux. It is querying for a service that
will inform my own computer IP  (http://bin.org/ip ). The –vvvvv
parameter will take the curl  execution to its maximum verbosity level. In
other words, it will throw in the console output all the actual exchanges be -
tween client and server:
Figure 5.3: The raw request and response to/from an HTTP  server using
curl
You can test this same command on your machine. After you do this, we
can dissect this output:
The ﬁrst and second lines show the IP  (3.233.6.75 ) and port (80) of
the tar get server . The IP  was found under the hood by using the DNS
protocol, which maps readable addresses to structured numbers that
identify where to ﬁnd the servers on the internet. The IP  is a part of layer
3 in the OSI model. The port is a part of layer 4. The string saying we are
connected to the server is a part of layer 5, the session layer . The second
line also shows the connection number ( #0). A complex HTTP  exchange
with multiple requests can lead to multiple connections to the same
server/port.
The third line onward starts with two characters: > or <. The right arrow
represents the data we are sending to the server . The left arrow represents
the data we received from the server .
In the data we send to the server , we can see the following:
GET /ip HTTP/1.1 : GET is the command we are executing in the
target server . In this case, we are asking the service to retrieve a re -
source, which is the /ip directory . In this case, we are using the
HTTP  1.1 version. The GET command is also referred to as an HTTP
verb. We will dive into the main verbs available shortly .
Host , User-Agent , and Accept : These are called the headers in
the HTTP  request. They help structure the request in all kinds of
ways. The headers in this example are used to identify the tar get do -
main and the curl  version used to execute the request and to set the
type of data our command accepts back (in this case, we accept any
format). We will dive deeper into the role of important headers in the
future.
This execution does not support multi-use. This means a new connection
must be established if we need to execute other HTTP  commands.
In the data we receive from the server , we can see the following:
HTTP/1.1 200 OK : The 200 number tells our curl  client that
the request was successful ( OK). It is also called the return code.
There are a lot of important return codes for HTTP  requests, and we
will learn about the main ones in the next sections.
We then have a series of headers: Date , Content-Type ,
Content-Length , and so on. They tell us the date of the execu -
tion, the return content type (JSON, which we will look further into),
the length of the data in bytes, and the actual server and version that is
being run (in this case, gunicorn , which is a Python-based HTTP
server).
Finally , we can see the actual IP  result, which is called the payload . In
this case, it contains the IP  address of my own computer (the origin of
the request). The JSON content type is key to developing microservices,
as it is 100% readable by humans.
I love using curl  when  troubleshooting systems. For general development
efforts, there are great alternatives such as Postman, Insomnia, and Bruno.
They all allow creating request collections so that we can easily test various
aspects of our services.
Of course, your browser can be used as a tool to access websites using
HTTP  as well. In the real world, the browser acts as the client ( curl ), and
the website is served by a web server . Your browser will generally either
fetch HTML  pages issuing GET commands or ﬁre HTTP  requests to the
backend services, which allows using other HTTP  commands, which you
will learn about shortly .
Most backend services that are exposed on the internet today will be built
on top of the HTTP  protocol. That means, when building a new service, we
will always have a request to a service and a response back to the original
client that ﬁred the request. All requests will have key parts, such as the
HTTP  verb that deﬁnes the action, the response code that summarizes the
result, the HTTP  headers, and the payloads.
Let’s see some of these aspects of HTTP  closely .
What are the main HTTP verbs?
In our previous example, we saw the GET HTTP  verb in action. Let us look
at all the main verbs now:
GET allows fetching a resource. It can be used for retrieving web pages
or some domain representations (we will look at that shortly). It could be
used to fetch a list of the rental properties found during a search on the
HomeIt website, for instance.
DELETE  allows issuing a command for the service to remove some ob -
ject from their domain. It could be used to delete some pictures of a
rental property in the HomeIt system.
POST  allows sending a new resource to a backend service so that it can
be persisted and accessed later using GET requests. It could be used
when landlords are submitting new rental properties that would later be
found during searches.
PUT is used when we need to fully update an existing resource. It could
be used for uploading a proﬁle picture, for instance, or a simple object
such as the user details.
PATCH  allows updating some ﬁelds of a resource, without touching oth -
er ﬁelds. It could be used to update just some ﬁelds of a rental property ,
such as the description, for example.
There are other important HTTP  verbs, but these are the main ones we need
to study . Let’ s stick with them for now . By implementing these ﬁve verbs
for a domain, we have fully implemented the CRUD operations – create
(POST ), read (GET), update (POST , PUT), and delete ( DELETE ). These are
the main op erations in basically every software.
Let’s now go over the main return codes.
What are the main HTTP response codes?
As you saw in our curl  example, when you send an HTTP  request to a
server , it will always respond with some code. These are the main response
codes we will use in most systems:
200 OK : The request has succeeded. For instance, when you issue a
GET request, receiving back a 200 code means the resource has been
fetched and is transmitted in the message body .
201 Created : The request has been fulﬁlled and resulted in a new re -
source being created. It is usually a response to a POST  request.
202 Accepted : The request has been accepted for processing, but the
processing has not been completed.
204 No Content : The server successfully processed the request but
is not returning any content.
301 Moved Permanently : The address of the requested resource
has been changed permanently . The new address is usually provided in
the response.
400 Bad Request : The server cannot or will not process the request
due to some client error , usually a  malformed message.
401 Unauthorized : Although the HTTP  standard speciﬁes
Unauthorized , semantically , this response means unauthenticated .
That is, the client must authenticate themselves to get the requested
response.
403 Forbidden : Although the client is authenticated, its credentials
are not enough to access the speciﬁed resource.
404 Not Found : The server cannot ﬁnd the requested resource.
500 Internal Server Error : A server error , meaning some un -
recoverable error happened.
502 Bad Gateway : The server , while acting as a gateway or proxy ,
received an invalid response from the upstream server .
504 Gateway Timeout : The server , while acting as a gateway or
proxy , did not get a response in time from the upstream server .
Again, there are other possible HTTP  codes that you might want to use in
your implementation. These are some ideas of the ones people use the most.
You can ﬁnd other HTTP  return codes in a lot of places online, such as
http://http.cat  – a funny website that mixes HTTP  return codes with cat
pictures.
Writing your first Spring app
How about we  rewrite this IP  service using Spring Boot (which is the main
Spring Framework project we will talk about in a bit), just so that we can
have our very ﬁrst app running and you can get a feel of how Spring works?
We can start with this very quick practice, and then we can get back to ex -
plaining the Spring Framework.
Using SDKMAN to manage your tool
versions
To install all the needed programs, we can use a smart tool  called
SDKMAN . It is software capable of maintaining dif ferent versions of your
Java SDKs in the same computer environment. With SDKMAN, you will
be able to work with dif ferent versions on demand. Let’ s say you need Java
8 today , you can just install it and instruct SDKMan to let Java 8 be your
default tooling in your terminal. If you want to change your current SDK
version to Java 17, you can do this as well. You can even set a directory
with a default Java version of your choice so that when you are running
Java commands inside that directory , your preferred Java version will be
used. This is useful when you are working with dif ferent projects that re -
quire dif ferent Java versions.
SDKMAN works with both Linux (including macOS and Windows WSL)
and Windows. You can install it on your machine by following the instruc -
tions here: https://sdkman.io/install .
Beware that SDKMAN is capable of also managing other tools, including
Maven and Gradle. In our case, we will work with Gradle in this book.
The SDKMAN website contains a very easy-to-follow manual page so that
you can learn about the main commands and how to use them: https://sd -
kman.io/usage .
For this book, it is enough to run just a few commands to have the right
tooling installed. First, you can list the available versions of Java with this
command:
> sdk list java
The result will show you several Java versions that you can install:
Figure 5.4: SDKMAN listing Java versions
When installing the Java 21 SDK, you will need to choose whatever version
you prefer . For this book, I will generally use the Java 21 version. Just as an
example, this is the command you need to run if you are working with the
Amazon Corretto package:
> sdk install java 21.0.3-amzn
As you can see, the last part of the command is the same as in the
Identifier  column in Figur e 5.4. Choosing the right Java SDK package
is a matter of little concern, but for our code samples, we will use the
Temurin SDK, which we see in the next section.
Installing the Java SDK
There  are several Java SDK distributions available for you to choose from.
For example, the following ﬁgure shows you the output of the command for
installing a dif ferent version from the amzn  one, called Temurin . This is
the SDK I am using throughout the book:
Figure 5.5: SDKMAN installing a new Java version
As you can see, I have actually chosen to set the Temurin version as my de -
fault one, by answering Y to the question. In regards to why I am using
Temurin, there is not really a strong case for it. Dif ferent  Java SDK
providers will generally build their tools following Java speciﬁcations, so
there is no strong advocacy about which one to choose. But as a general
rule, if you are using Amazon Web Services  (AWS), you  might prefer to
use Corretto as your preferred Java SDK. Since Amazon built it, it has sup -
posedly been battle-tested to use in conjunction with AWS.
Installing Gradle
Now , we are going to install Gradle 8.7, which is the latest stable version:
Figure 5.6: SDKMAN installing Gradle
Since I do not have any Gradle version installed yet, SDKMAN decided to
make 8.7 my default version.
Alright, we have now installed Java and Gradle, which is enough to run fu -
ture Java projects. You can make sure they are correctly installed by run -
ning these two commands:
> java --version
> gradle -version
This is what I get when I run both commands. You should get a similar
output:
Figure 5.7: Checking the newly installed software versions
Easy-peasy , isn’t it?
SDKMAN is my go-to package installer for all things related to the Java
ecosystem.
Now , let’s actually write some Spring code. I will be occasionally adding
screenshots from my code, but I’ll add a link to the complete source code in
the sections.
Using Spring Initializr
There is a very  important tool for kickstarting Spring projects. It is called
Spring Initializr , and it can be accessed at this address:
https://start.spring.io/ .
When you visit the website, you will see two panels side by side. The left
one requires a general setup for the versions used and the names of the ap -
plications, packages, and so on. I have set these values, and you can do the
same to follow along this process:
Figure 5.8: Creating an app with Spring Initializr
The right panel is where you choose which Spring projects will be used in
your service; these are actually the Java dependencies you will need. In this
very ﬁrst sample project, we will need nothing besides the Spring Web
project. This is how you should parameterize your Spring starter:
Figure 5.9: Choosing dependencies in Spring Initializr
To select the Spring Web dependency , just make sure to click on ADD
DEPENDENCIES  and you will be presented with an intimidating list of
components. Just for get about the substantial number of options; I will
show you all these components one by one throughout the chapters.
With the Spring Web project enabled as a dependency , we can click on
Generate  in the page footer . The website will create a package containing a
ready-to-implement basic Spring project. Download it and open it in your
favorite IDE. If you still do not have a preference, I recommend download -
ing the IntelliJ Community edition, which is free. If you are a student, you
can even have access to the paid version. It is by far the best IDE for Java-
related projects.
Opening your Spring project
After you unpack your ﬁrst server , you will be presented with the following
directory structure:
Figure 5.10: Spring Initializr basic app structure
This is a  basic structure for a Spring project. I will dive into more back -
ground explanations in a bit. For now , let’s understand the different parts:
The /gradle  directory actually contains a whole version of the Gradle
software, our package builder . It is there in case you don´t have Gradle
installed on your machine.
The ﬁle called
MyFirstSpringbootServerApplication.java  is the main
application class of your server . This is the class that can run an entire set
of Spring services.
The /test  directory contains an initial test class, which we are going to
be using to speed up our application development.
There are other Gradle config  ﬁles that we are going to deal with in
the next sections. For now , it is important to state that gradlew  and
gradlew.bat  are actually executable ﬁles from which you can run a
Gradle build in this project, even if you do not have Gradle installed on
your machine.
The ﬁle named build.gradle  is where we declare the Java library
dependencies (the .jar  ﬁles containing the Spring classes you will use
in your project).
Next, we will learn how to compile and build our package.
Building your application using Gradle
In order to build your Spring application, you need to switch to your direc -
tory and run either one of these commands on a terminal window:
> gradle jar
> ./gradlew jar
The ﬁrst command will execute a build using the default Gradle version that
you installed on your machine using SDKMAN. The second command will
use the built-in Gradle version that comes with the Spring project you gen -
erated using Spring Initializr .
Let us check the output of the build command:
Figure 5.1 1: Gradle build command output
When you run your application, Gradle will compile it and build it automat -
ically and the following things will happen:
Your Java dependencies will be downloaded to a local cache directory
directly from the Maven Central website by default, but it is fully cus -
tomizable. In some companies, severe network restrictions might have
been applied, meaning that you will not be able to download your depen -
dencies from Maven Central. In that case, it is possible to conﬁgure your
build to get dependencies from the company’ s own repositories.
The Java compiler will compile all your classes and package your Spring
application.
The project’ s test suite will be run, making sure all the tests you wrote
pass.
Your Spring application .jar  ﬁle will be created.
After you run the gradle jar  command, this is where you will ﬁnd your
created .jar ﬁle:
Figure 5.12: The application .jar ﬁle created by the build process
The build  directory is where all compiled classes and resources generated
during the build  process will go. Now , let’s implement the actual IP
extractor .
Implementing your first Spring Controller
class
A Contr oller  class  is a Spring class capable of handling HTTP  requests. In
order to implement your IP  extractor class, you will need to add a new
IpController  class in this directory:
Figure 5.13: Creating a new Controller class
Generally speaking, every new Spring component needs to be included in a
child directory from your main application class (in our case,
MyFirstSpringbootServerApplication ). That will help Spring
automatically ﬁnd your classes and make them available at runtime.
The body of your class should look like the following:
@RestController
public class IpController {
    public IpController() {}
    @GetMapping("/get-ip")
    public String getIP() {
        ServletRequestAttributes requestAttributes =
            (ServletRequestAttributes) RequestContext
                .getRequestAttributes();
        if (requestAttributes != null) {
            return "Your IP Address is: " +
                requestAttributes
                    .getRequest()
                    .getRemoteAddr();
        }
        return "Error while trying to get your IP.";
    }
}
As you can  see, the implementation is pretty simple, but let me break down
the dif ferent parts for you to understand:
The package  and import  statements inform where this class belongs
in the project, and which Spring classes will we use to implement our
service
The @RestController  annotation tells Spring that this class will im -
plement API endpoints that will handle HTTP  requests from remote
servers
The @GetMapping  annotation tells Spring that the getIp()  annotat -
ed method will handle HTTP  GET requests in the /get-ip  Unique
Resour ce Identiﬁer  (URI) – we  will explain this in a bit
The method implementation basically uses the getRequestAttrib -
utes()  static method from the RequestContextHolder  class,
which makes the current request available to our method
Finally , we recover the IP  address that is stored in the
HTTPServletRequest  object and return to the remote client that is -
sued the HTTP  request
Now , let’s learn how to run our Spring application.
Running your Spring Application
In order to see your application at work, just run the following command
from the root of your Spring project:
> gradle bootRun
You will see your application going online. The actual screenshot will be
unreadable, but you can look at the details in your own console:
Figure 5.14: Spring application console logs
There are two lines at the end that will help you to know whether your ap -
plication is online:
Tomcat started on port 8080 (http) with context path 
Started MyFirstSpringbootServerApplication in 1.615 s
This means you are exposing your server in port 8080  of your computer ,
which is the default Tomcat web server port. It is important to notice this
because Spring uses Tomcat behind the scenes. You can also change Tomcat
to Jetty , Undertow , and other containers, depending on your needs.
Finally , you can test your own application with the curl  command on a
different terminal. Just use the following command:
> curl –vvvvv localhost:8080/get-ip
Just for the record, localhost  means you are calling a service that is on
your own machine. This is the execution result:
Figure 5.15: Calling our new IP  service
And that’ s it! You have your ﬁrst Spring service up and running. The IP  ad-
dress 127.0.0.1  means your Spring application knows that you are call -
ing from the device that is running the application itself. In this case, we
have implemented the application in a way that returns a basic text string.
We will improve on that later; this was just for getting you a ﬁrst experience
with running Spring services.
After this lab, we have some interesting questions to discuss, such as the
following:
How does the Spring Framework know which classes to run?
What are the most important annotations?
What are the best actual conventions for or ganizing Spring services?
Let’s discuss those in the next sections.
Designing your API services
Now that you have  seen a bit of how Spring applications work, it is impor -
tant to know how they are actually or ganized. There are some key terms for
you to learn here.
In general, professional teams will look to create APIs  with RESTful  stan-
dards, documented with the OpenAPI  speciﬁcation.
What are all these buzzwords, and why they are important? That is a long
story that we will uncover in the next sections and the next chapter .
What are APIs?
When you write a service that other people can use by means of other pro -
grams, we say you are creating an API, which stands for application pr o-
gramming interface . It means you can give other developers special docu -
mentation and credentials so that they can call your program in dif ferent
ways. In this book, we are working with the Spring API in order to create
our own APIs for other systems to use. In other words, we are using the
Spring Framework API so that we can provide our own API to other devel -
opers. One API is leveraging another .
Think about that for a second. In the software world, it is APIs all the way
down. The Spring Framework leverages the Java programming language
API as well, and Java leverages the operating system’ s APIs. It is one API
on top of the next one, in layers.
APIs facilitate the work of other developers. Let’ s look at this diagram,
which illustrates that or ganization:

Figure 5.16: The OS-Spring application stack
As you  can see, developers are building APIs on top of other developers’
APIs.
In our example, as we want to provide a nice backend interface for our
HomeIt systems, we will need to build our API on top of the HTTP  proto -
col, and that is exactly one of Spring Framework’ s specialties. Great APIs
will always accelerate the next level of development.
To provide great APIs on top of the HTTP  protocol, we need to understand
the RESTful standard.
Why do we need RESTful standards?
As we saw before, the HTTP  protocol allows for several dif ferent actions,
which are represented by the verbs we saw beforehand. The most important
ones are GET, POST , PUT, PATCH , and DELETE . If those are the actions
available, what are we acting on? And how should we or ganize those
actions?
Enter the RESTful  standard. It was created in 2000 by Roy Fielding. The
name stands for Repr esentational State Transfer . It proposes that an ap -
plication should be exposed over HTTP  as a set of URIs, which are actually
a part of the browser URL. The URIs would represent the application ob -
jects’  directories and instances (our domain objects, basically). Each URI
was subject to actions ﬁred by users by basically sending HTTP  requests to
those URIs.
For example, in our HomeIt exercise, RESTful applications would make
URIs available  for th e main domain direc tories:
/users
/rental-properties
/rental-proposals
/partnership-proposals
And so on, and so forth. These URIs will allow sending HTTP  requests us -
ing dif ferent verbs. These are some examples:
A GET request to /users/{id}  would return the details of a single
user
A GET request to /users  would return a list of users registered on the
website
A POST  request to /rental-properties  would allow registering a
new property in the system
A GET request on /rental-proposals/{id}  would retrieve the
information for the rental proposal ID provided in the request
You get the point, right? A RESTful API will allow you to act on all avail -
able domain objects by basically sending HTTP  requests with the right
verbs.
Circling back to Chapter 3 , when we were extracting our services from the
actual business requirements, the RESTful APIs are powerful ways to de -
sign those services.
Another critical point is that RESTful APIs will  always be stateless  ser-
vices. That means the program should not keep any user session state be -
tween requests. Every request is treated as an entirely new interaction. The
only persisted state is applied to the resources we are acting on. For exam -
ple, when we create a rental property through a POST  request, the data is
saved in a database and made available for future requests. But there is no
other user data kept between requests (such as a login context, for
example). That design guarantees that we can ﬁre requests to any server
replica that might exist. This facilitates scalability , making sure that when -
ever we need to serve more users, we just need to spin up more servers and
distribute requests across the server instances equally .
Dissecting a RESTful resource address
Just to restate  an important concept: a resour ce, in a RESTful service, is an
address that refers to an object from a particular domain. All resources are
represented as URIs, and URIs are contained within URLs, which are basi -
cally the browser addresses. This schema will help you understand the
structure of a RESTful address:
{protocol}://{base-addr}:{port}/{api-name}/{version}/
For example, these are URLs that contain a URI:
http://homeit.com/api/v1/rental-properties
http://homeit.com/api/v1/rental-properties/123
http://homeit.com/api/v1/rental-proposal/345
Let’s break down the dif ferent parts of a URL:
protocol : The network protocol used to access the resource. It will
usually be HTTP  or HTTPS (which we will talk about later).
base-addr : The base address, or the root domain of your URL.
api-name : A directory that you can use to segregate a series of re -
sources as sufﬁxes.
version : A way for you to be able to update your APIs without losing
backward compatibility . That means you can upgrade an API and still
leave the old version online so that other developers can still do their re -
quests and have their own client systems working before they can update
the APIs to the new version.
URI: The general identiﬁcation of a resource. You can use a resource ad -
dress to access both a set of resources or individual resources.
And here is the kicker: a resource URI is commonly referred to as an end-
point . Endpoints are represented as the resource locations in RESTful APIs.
Adding parameters to your API endpoints
Besides exposing resource locators, the RESTful API endpoints will also
provide ways in which you can ﬁlter your request. For example, let’ s say
you have 10,000 users in the HomeIt sy stem. If you ﬁre a GET request to
the /users  endpoint, you do not want your server loading every user in
memory , as that might break the system, especially if many users are re -
questing data like that. So, we need a way to tell our system that we need to
get just a limited list of users. We usually do that with pagination parame -
ters that are made available in the URL  for other programmers to use.
There are two common ways to add parameters to a RESTful endpoint: path
parameters and query parameters.
Path parameters  are part of the URI directory path and are used to unique -
ly identify a speciﬁc resource or to af fect the resource’ s representation re -
turned by the API. Here is an example of how that could work for our
HomeIt system:
http://homeit.com/api/v1/rental-properties/123/EUR
In this case, 123 is a path parameter that identiﬁes the speciﬁc object in -
stance you want to retrieve from the database. You could add the /EUR  path
parameter if you want the rental price of the 123 ID property to be re -
trieved in Euros instead of US dollars.
Then  there are query parameters , which you can add after the URI direc -
tories. These are generally written by appending a question mark after the
URI, and then appending pairs of parameter names and values we want to
expose, as in this example:
http://homeit.com/api/v1/rental-properties/123/EUR?pa
As you can see, there are two parameters after the question mark, page  and
size , which represent the page number you want to access and the size of
each page, respectively . You can add several query parameters to your
request.
We can design query parameters for whatever we need our service to per -
form. Path parameters and query parameters will be useful when we do not
want to design really straightforward parameters that can be added to the
URL  itself.
Then, there are payloads, which represent a block of content we can send in
our request. Let’ s look at these in the next section.
Using payloads in RESTful services
In RESTful services, a payload  is a block of data that might be present in
HTTP  exchanges. When ﬁring a request to a REST  endpoint, you can either
send a payload with whatever data the servers require or you can receive a
payload as a response from the server after your request is handled.
Requests and response payloads could contain any type of data: PDF , XML,
CVS, and image formats. But in our case, when dealing with REST  end-
points, we are mostly interested in JSON payloads. JSON is a standard for
data representation that makes it very easy for humans to read.
Here is an example of a JSON response using curl . Simply type this com -
mand in your terminal:
> curl ip-api.com
Here is the output I got by executing this command in my terminal. This
time, I got my API and a lot more information. This data is represented in
JSON format. Bear in mind that I am not using the -vvvvv  ﬂag this time,
as I have already presented you with what happens “behind the scenes” dur -
ing a request. Here, we are basically seeing a very simple request from our
curl  client and a JSON response from the server . You can apply the -
vvvvv  ﬂag to your own execution if you want so that you get a full scoop
of what happened in this HTTP  exchange. Here’ s the command execution:
Figure 5.17: Calling ip-api.com using the curl  command
As you can see, a JSON payload is pretty easy to read. Without the verbose
ﬂags on curl , we will not see the HTTP  method (GET), the headers, and
the whole conversation that happens underneath.
If you want to send a JSON payload on your curl  requests, just use the
following command:
> curl -X POST \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"key": "value", "id": 123}' \
  http://example.com/api/resource
Let`s break down each line:
In the ﬁrst line, we are specifying that the curl  command should use
the POST  HTTP  method in a request to a remote server .
In the second line, we are specifying in the HTTP  header the kind of
payload we are sending. In this case, application/json  is the right
string for specifying the JSON format.
In the third line, we are specifying the actual payload in JSON format.
In the last line, we type the URL  of the endpoint that will receive the re -
quest with our payload.
The backslash is basically a way for complex commands to be issued us -
ing more than one line in a Linux terminal. If you are using Windows,
the character will be dif ferent.
As stated at the beginning of this section, sending or receiving payloads will
be key to be able to of fer inputs and receive well-structured responses from
our services. In RESTful services, a well-designed JSON request or re -
sponse will typically represent an entire domain object or its partial repre -
sentation (this is especially important for PATCH  requests, which will up -
date just a portion of your domain object).
As an example, when sending a POST  request to our rental-proper -
ties  endpoint, we could make it so that a curl  request would look like
this:
curl -X POST \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"address": "the address st, 32", "rooms": 3}' 
  http://homeit.com/api/v1/rental-properties
Since the POST  request is used conventionally to create an object, our API
service could send back a JSON payload as a response to our client, with
the actual full JSON representation of the new rental property . That would
include an ID among other ﬁelds. The ID would be used to uniquely repre -
sent and refer to the rental property across all HomeIt services. Speaking of
IDs, let’ s talk about them next.
Using UUIDs to uniquely identify objects
When  creating objects in our systems, we need to make sure that we can
identify them by a strong ID system. Many systems in the past would create
IDs for objects by starting to assign 0 (zero) as the ﬁrst object’ s ID, and in -
crementing the IDs one by one as more objects are created. That, unfortu -
nately , leads to a very insecure system, in which an attacker can derive valid
IDs very easily . If they know an endpoint and have a valid credential, re -
trieving valid and sensitive data is just a matter of testing natural numbers
as IDs. This brute force could easily lead to personal data leakage.
In contrast, modern systems will use the UUID system.
A Universally Unique Identiﬁer  (UUID ) is a 128-bit number that is gener -
ated randomly , bit by bit. There are 2  possible UUIDs to be created. That
amount is so big that a single software system can generate UUIDs random -
ly for thousands of years, and the likelihood that the same UUID will be
generated twice is ridiculously small. Most programming languages have
the proper implementation of a UUID generator , as designed by the
Internet Engineering Task For ce (IETF ), in RFC 4122. The IETF is an
open society of IT  professionals that provides open standards for dif ferent
subjects related to computer sciences.
Here is an example of a UUID. It was generated using the uuidgen  com -
mand on Linux:
This string sequence is the randomly generated 128-bit number , represented
with alpha-numeric characters. This is the standard I would recommend you
use when creating IDs for your domain objects. The main goal of the UUID
standard is to make it possible to generate IDs without having to use central
authorities, which makes it the perfect case for distributed microservice ap -
plications. With UUIDs, you don’ t need counters, iterators, or any reposito -128
ry to ensure you are not generating duplicates of the same UUID. Whatever
UUID you generate means you have a unique number in your hand if the al -
gorithm is properly implemented.
We will see an implementation of UUID generation shortly in another
Spring service. Before that, we still need to learn about the last piece of
REST  requests: headers.
Using HTTP request headers
If payloads are the actual content of a request or response between HTTP
server and client exchanges, headers  offer a place to add additional content
about that request.
Payloads will always refer to your application domain. In the HomeIt sys -
tem, payloads will always contain specialized knowledge from the business
itself (landlords, rental properties, rental proposals, partnership proposals,
etc.). Headers, on the other hand, always contain data that is used to facili -
tate handling the requests themselves. You will add the data about your data
to headers. Hence, we say that an HTTP  header contains metadata (data
about other data).
Let’s learn about some common headers used in HTTP  requests today:
Host : Indicates the host and port number of the server to which the re -
quest is being sent. Essential in determining the destination of the re -
quest, especially on servers hosting multiple domains.
User-Agent : Provides information about the software used to make
the request (browser or otherwise), allowing the server to tailor respons -
es suitable for the client’ s software capabilities.
Accept : Speciﬁes which media types, expressed as MIME types, the
client understands, and their preferences. This allows the server to select
appropriate content or encoding methods. We have been talking about
the JSON format, but it can really be any format.
Authorization : Contains credentials for authenticating the client to
the server , which is essential for areas requiring user veriﬁcation (we
will dive into authorization methods in future chapters).
Cookie : Sends stored cookies from the client to the server , allowing the
server to recreate the state of a client’ s session, thus maintaining stateful
interaction. This will not be used in stateless REST  services.
These are commonly used HTTP  response headers:
Set-Cookie : Instructs the client to store a cookie and send it in subse -
quent requests to the server , essential for session management and main -
taining user state. Not used in stateless REST  services.
Content-Type : Indicates the media type of the resource, telling the
client what the content is and how it should be processed (e.g.,
text/html  or application/json ).
Content-Length : Speciﬁes the size of the response body in bytes,
which is critical for the client to know how much data it is expected to
receive.
Cache-Control : Speciﬁes directives for caching mechanisms in both
requests and responses. It controls resources’  cache behavior to reduce
bandwidth and improve performance (e.g., no-cache  or max-age ).
Location : Used in redirections (3xx response codes) and when a new
resource has been created. This header informs the client of the exact
URL  to redirect to or the new resource’ s location.
Now we have seen the basic elements of an HTTP  request, let’ s see in prac -
tice how to create HTTP  request handlers in Spring.
How Spring apps run internally
In the ﬁrst Spring app, which we created a few sections ago, something
might have caught your attention. Let’ s take a look at the
MyFirstSpringbootServerApplication.java  class:
@SpringBootApplication
public class MyFirstSpringbootServerApplication {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
       SpringApplication.run(
          MyFirstSpringbootServerApplication.class,
          args);
    }
}
As a Java developer , you know that the main()  method is the one that
Java uses to start any application. Isn’ t it intriguing that we were able to
download a sample project and write a new class from scratch without ref -
erencing it in this MyFirstSpringbootServerApplication  class?
Since  the getIp()  method in the IpController  class is not a static
method but an instance method, the only way for the Spring framework to
use it in Java was to have an instance of the IpController  class some -
wher e. How did the Spring Framework know how to instantiate that class
and bring our ﬁrst HTTP  handler online, making the getIp()  method
available for our curl  HTTP  GET requests?
We know that it is impossible for a Java application to instantiate a class
without having it conﬁgured somewhere. In the Spring Framework, there
are several ways to conﬁgure a class to be instantiated, such as the
IPController  class we wrote:
XML  conﬁguration
Annotation-based conﬁguration
Java-based conﬁguration
Groovy-based conﬁguration
Property ﬁles
YAML  ﬁles
Environment variables
Command-line ar guments
Proﬁles
We will explore some of those dif ferent conﬁguration types throughout the
book. For now , we just want to answer our question: with so many possible
ways for conﬁguring our classes, how did the Spring Framework know how
to instantiate the IpController  class? And another important aspect:
why, as Java developers, did we not have to write the methods for instanti -
ating the IpController  class?
This is a major source of confusion in the minds of Spring Framework be -
ginners. If classes can be instantiated by the Spring Framework alone and
developers do not need to write that code for providing the class instances,
it feels like magic that an object is “just there,” completely ready for use,
after the application starts.
I know , right?! That was the way I felt when I ﬁrst saw this. And the piece
of the puzzle responsible for answering this mind-boggling question is the
Spring Framework component lifecycle.
Introducing the Spring Framework
component lifecycle
The short answer to this mystery is that once the key classes in a system are
conﬁgured by the developers, the Spring Framework is capable of detecting
those classes and instantiating them automatically for the users during start -
up time. Unless stated otherwise, the Spring Framework will provide just
one instance of each conﬁgured class, which will be made available during
execution time. When shutting down the whole application, the Spring
Framework will destroy those instances. We call  this the Singleton  pattern:
guaranteeing just one instance for each important class during execution
time.
Alright, let’ s unpack this a bit more: what do we mean by a key class , and
why can (and should) the IpController  class have just one instance
available during the execution time?
If you remember , when writing the IpController  class, we added the
@RestController  annotation to the IpController  class and the
@GetMapping  annotation to the getIp()  method. When our Spring ap -
plication starts, what these annotations do in the background (among many
other things) is to create a network listener on port 8080  by default, using
our operating system’ s native API. And that listener will know how to call
the getIp()  method once it receives an HTTP  GET request that tar gets
the /get-ip  URI. In other words, the Spring Framework somehow knows
how to orchestrate all the OSI model layers for you, so that you focus solely
on your Java methods (more on that later). When you do a curl local -
host:8080/get-ip  on a terminal, the Spring Framework is there to
take that request and deliver it right to your IpController.getIp()
method.
Also, because a single network listener can handle multiple HTTP  requests
separately from each other , it makes sense to have just one Java class in -
stance to handle as many GET requests as possible for the same URI
(/get-ip ). Each remote HTTP  client request will be delivered to a single
call to the getIp()  method. Hence, IpController  is a key class that
we can declare as a singleton (we just need one instance of that class).
Finally , since  the Spring Framework is using Tomcat, Jetty , or Undertow
behind the scenes, they are able to handle dif ferent HTTP  requests in sepa -
rate threads, making it reasonable that your getIp()  method from a single
IpController  class instance will even be called in parallel by dif ferent
processors on your machine if you have a multi-core CPU. In other words,
you can use just one class instance to serve as many parallel requests as
needed. This parallel processing and thread management is automatically
handled by the Java virtual machine  (JVM ), and Spring does not even
need to be aware of it.
Here is a visual that illustrates that concept:
Figure 5.18: How Spring deals with a network request
Okay , so now you know how the Spring Framework works conceptually
and architecturally . This prepares the background story for understanding an
important keyword in the Spring Framework world: Spring beans.
What are Spring beans and why are they
important?
The idea that the Spring Framework application will have some core ser -
vices implemented in singleton classes is not new: the J2EE architecture
also works from that assumption. These reusable singleton Java classes im -
plementing core services of your software are what people refer to as Java
Beans . Conversely , in the world of the Spring Framework, we just call
these core singleton classes the Spring beans .
I think it is very important to fully explain this term here. I was personally
very confused about this mysterious word beans  for a long time. Many
books will use this term without proper explanation, which makes things
very confusing for many beginners.
The word bean  was chosen for those reusable classes as a metaphor that
matches the Java programming language name. Java  refers to a type of cof -
fee that was originally grown on the island of Java in Indonesia. The cof fee
metaphor was used because, back in the early days of Java, the program -
mers felt excited and ener gized by the possibilities of the language. Many
programmers love cof fee for the ener gy it brings to their day-to-day work,
so this is where they took the inspiration from: that programming language
was as good as their beloved cof fee.
The word bean  is an allusion to coffee beans . The Spring application will
need several beans to execute its logic. A bean is a singleton class that can
be used in conjunction with other beans to make your app work properly
and serve a business function.
Alright, that should be enough to dismiss any confusion about the use of the
word bean  that you will ﬁnd in many places. And that makes our
IpController  class a Spring bean in our ﬁrst sample application. You
now understand a lot about the architecture background, but we are still fol -
lowing the breadcrumbs to completely and unquestionably answer these
questions: How did our Spring app know how to instantiate our
IpController  bean? And even before that, how does the JVM even
know that our application is built with the Spring Framework and will fol -
low its processes?
Introducing the Spring Boot project
If you take  a closer look at our main application class, you are going to no -
tice that the MyFirstSpringbootServerApplication  class is
tagged with the @SpringBootApplication  annotation. That is one of
the key components of the Spring Boot project. That annotation alone will
conﬁgure an entire Spring app with default options that make the app run
basically out of the box. The main  method has nothing but a call to
SpringApplication.run() , which takes the main project class itself
as a parameter .
That is the power of the Spring Boot project: it provides key components to
make your application conﬁguration very easy . With the @SpringBoot -
Application  annotation alone, your app becomes a full Spring app, and
it will know how to look for the classes that should be instantiated as Spring
beans. You do not need to write anything else in your main class. It just
knows! This feels like pure magic for beginners.
We will explore a lot of other interesting things in the Spring Boot project
in the next sections and chapters. But ﬁrst, we still need to follow the track
we are on: now that we know how the Spring app came into existence, how
exactly does it know which classes are to be treated as Spring beans or
singletons?
Understanding the Spring Framework
component scan
When  starting an application, the Spring Framework will scan for all class -
es that are tagged with some special annotations. Those annotations tell
Spring that the tagged classes should be managed as Spring beans. In other
words, the Spring Framework will automatically create a single instance for
those annotated classes.
The main annotation that marks a class as a Spring bean is the @Compo-
nent  annotation. Other annotations are themselves tagged with the @Com-
ponent  annotation. Guess what? The @RestController  annotation,
used in our IpController  class, indirectly inherits the @Component
annotation as well. Here is the annotation chain:
Figure 5.19: The RestController annotation class hierarchy
And voilá! There are a series of annotations that inherit from @Compo-
nent  and there are other ways to create Spring beans. We will have plenty
of pages devoted to teaching you how they work.
Where are Spring beans stored at
runtime?
The memory area reserved for storing and managing Spring beans is called
the application context . In fact, that is itself a Spring bean, whose class is
called ApplicationContext . This bean allows you to have access to
all the Spring beans instantiated in your application.
We will generally not access this bean, but it is nice to know about it so that
we have a clear picture of how Spring applications will or ganize things in
memory . Knowing these details basically reveals the mystery behind the
Spring Framework magic.
How to easily access a Spring bean
As you know , in our ﬁrst application, the IpController.getIp()
method will be called automatically by Spring whenever a new HTTP  re-
quest is ﬁred to the /get-ip  URI. In that example, we do not need to di -
rectly access the IpController  class from any other classes, since the
Spring Framework will do all the work for you out of the box.
But what if you have two Spring beans with important services in your ap -
plication, and they need to access each other? That is actually a very com -
mon scenario, in which we have one bean depending on another . So, in the
Spring Framework, instead of you having to manually instantiate the beans
with factories and setting the reference in another bean programmatically ,
you can instruct the Spring Framework to “inject” a bean reference into an -
other . That is called dependency injection , and it is also one of the core
Spring Framework features.
The best way for you to inject a Spring bean into another bean you are writ -
ing is by doing something like this:
@Component
public class DependencyInjectionSample {
    private final ApplicationContext applicationConte
    public DependencyInjectionSample(
        ApplicationContext applicationContext) {
        this.applicationContext = applicationContext;
    }
    @PostConstruct
    public void init() {
        System.out.println("Initializing MyComponent"
        for (String beanDefinitionName :
            applicationContext
                .getBeanDefinitionNames()) {
            System.out.println("Bean Name: "
                    + beanDefinitionName);
        }
    }
}
As you can see, we have declared the DependencyInjectionSample
class with the @Component  annotation. That tells Spring to create a single
instance of this class at runtime, after the component scan phase. Also, we
have a constructor that takes the ApplicationContext  bean as a para -
meter and sets it in a private class attribute. During startup time, the Spring
Framework will check for the bean dependencies and create the beans in the
right order , so that a bean will only be built when its dependencies are al -
ready ﬁnished building. This ensures that all beans can receive their depen -
dencies as ar guments when the application is starting. Plus, if you have a
circular dependency (bean A depends on bean B and bean B depends on
bean A), Spring will throw an explicit exception, since circular dependen -
cies are not possible to solve during build time (and frankly , it is just bad
design).
You may have noticed the init()  method in line 18 , which is tagged with
the @PostConstruct  annotation. That tells the Spring Framework that
this method should be executed right after the bean’ s instantiation. This is a
part of the Spring Framework component lifecycle, and it makes it easy to
take initial actions in e ach bean when your application is starting. This
init()  method will basically access and print all existing bean names in
the console output, whenever your application is starting. There are dozens
of Spring beans created automatically by the Spring Framework itself, but
your own beans will be present in that output as well. Here is just a slice of
the output I get when executing  this app in my console:
Figure 5.20: Listing the available Spring beans at application start
As you can see, all our classes in this ﬁrst project are considered beans by
the Spring Framework: the ipController , dependencyInjec -
tionSample , and myFirstSpringbootServerApplication
classes.
Now , let’s understand what inversion of control is and how it facilitates
Spring application and services management.
Spring container and inversion of control
This all gives you a great deal of understanding of what the Spring
Framework is and how it operates its magic behind the scenes. If you un -
derstand these concepts, you are of f to a great start, because most develop -
ers have a hard time grasping what happens automatically in Spring.
This way of letting the  framework control the creation of your beans is
called inversion of contr ol (IoC). Instead of you, the developer , having to
program the factories for instantiating the main services, you can leave it
for the core Spring Framework to do. The Spring
ApplicationContext  class is also referred to as the Spring IoC con -
tainer  – in other words, the class that contains the Spring beans. You just
need to declare where you want them passed as constructor ar guments. The
framework takes care of the rest.
There are other aspects of the Spring Framework and the Spring Boot
project that we will learn about throughout the book. For now , you just need
to have a good grasp of the following:
The Spring Framework contains a set of core features such as the Spring
IoC container and several projects – Spring Boot being one of the
projects
You need to understand the purpose of each project in order to know
when to use them
The Spring Boot project helps you quickly pull out an application by us -
ing a set of easy-to-use annotations
All Spring Framework projects provide really helpful annotations and
great patterns to speed up your work as a developer
With that, let us now implement our ﬁrst REST  API for our HomeIt service.
Creating RESTful APIs in Spring
So far , we have used just two annotations for declaring REST  services in
Spring – @RestController  and @GetMapping . These represent only
a tiny fraction of the possibilities we have using this framework for writing
web services. There are two main ways to write REST  applications in
Spring:
The Spring W eb project, which these annotations came from. This imple -
ments a thread-blocking model.
The Spring W ebFlux  project, which brings a non-blocking, reactive
model.
We will check a sample implementation of both models in the next pages of
this book. We will ﬁrst get you to understand how to implement the REST
interfaces. This section will not have too much business code or persistence
layer implementation. We want to keep things simple so that you under -
stand exactly what these two projects – Spring Web and Spring WebFlux –
are used for .
Writing a rental property REST API with
Spring Web
The Spring Web project used to be the right choice whenever you had APIs
that you wanted to quickly pull out and you did not have thousands of con -
curring requests to handle. But nowadays, with a few tweaks from Java 17+
and the virtual threads implementation, you can make Spring Web very
close to Web Flow’ s performance for high-volume, concurrent request
processing.
That is, if you need a  servlet-based framework for writing REST  APIs, you
can go the very safe route with Spring Web. It can be very fast and has low
latency , but if you do not use virtual threads, it will block one thread per re -
quest, which could be an issue, especially when doing I/O operations, such
as database access, requests for other remote services, and so on.
If you need to handle thousands of concurring requests, if you have too
many I/O operations on your endpoints, or if your app needs to wait for
long I/O operations that take a lot of time to complete, and you want to
have an edge, you could consider using WebFlux. WebFlux does not block
your threads while waiting for these operations to complete (more on that
later). But again, with the virtual threads tweak I will show you here, Spring
Web is probably best for all use cases, due to its easier -to-understand pro-
gramming patterns.
We have a full Spring Web REST  API implementation example for you
here: https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/blob/main/chapter -05/My-ﬁrst-Springboot-
server/src/main/java/com/ip/server/My/ﬁrst/Springboot/server/controller/Re
ntalPropertyController .java . All the explanations in the next pages come
from the code at the provided link.
Let us break down this code example for you.
In this exercise, we are going to implement an API example for the rental
property microservice for our HomeIt startup. In general, a Spring Web API
will look like this:
A REST  API should be able to deal with HTTP  requests, generally han -
dling JSON payloads.
Each domain in a REST  API will be implemented as a single
Controller  class. The domain class implements  the Contr oller  layer
in the traditional Model-V iew-Contr oller  (MVC ) design. So, in the
HomeIt startup example, we should have at least one class for each do -
main (Rental Properties, Users, Partnership Proposals, etc.).
The Model  and View layers will not be covered in this book, since we are
all about microservices and the other layers are more used for rendering
HTML  pages. If you want to know more about Spring MVC, there are
plenty of resources available on the internet.
Alright, let’ s start our REST  API example.
Declaring the dependencies
First, let’ s look  at our Gradle dependencies. The full Gradle build ﬁle we
are using can be accessed at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-
System-Design-in-Practice/blob/main/chapter -05/My-ﬁrst-Springboot-
server/build.gradle .
Here is where we start the build.gradle  ﬁle, which instructs Gradle on
how to build the application:
plugins {
    id 'java'
    id 'org.springframework.boot' version '3.2.5'
    id 'io.spring.dependency-management' version '1.1
}
group = 'com.ip.server'
version = '0.0.1-SNAPSHOT'
java {
    sourceCompatibility = '21'
}
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}
All these lines come by default from the Spring Initializr website we used to
create the sample application. Here are some important explanations:
We see the block with the list of plugins used to build and run this appli -
cation. We have added Java and Spring Boot to the plugins  section,
which allows us to easily conﬁgure our Spring apps, and the Spring
Dependency Management  plugin, which manages Spring Boot depen -
dencies for us so that we do not need to keep track of every dependency
version.
Since we will need virtual threads, it is important to set the Java
sourceCompatibility  at a minimum of 17, which is the minimum
recommended Java version for Spring 6. In our case, I am setting it to
21, just to get the virtual threads feature, which we will explore in future
chapters to make our API more performant.
Maven Central comes conﬁgured automatically as well from the Spring
Initializr website.
Now , let’s look at the rest of this ﬁle. Here is an important section that de -
clares the Spring Web dependency:
dependencies {
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    testImplementation 'org.springframework.boot:spri
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    testRuntimeOnly 'org.junit.platform:junit-platfor
}
tasks.named('test') {
    useJUnitPlatform()
}
As you can see, we  have included other important dependencies here:
Spring Web dependency is declared, which allows writing a REST  API
The Spring Test dependency is declared, which allows us to write auto -
mated tests for our API
We will also need the Spring Validation dependency to ensure our REST
requests will only be processed if they are correct
Finally , we deﬁne that we want to run the test classes with JUnit
In the next section, we will jump to the code lines for the
RentalPropertyController  class itself. It will clearly illustrate how
to write a Controller  class using Spring Web.
Writing the RentalPropertyController class
Look at this class deﬁnition:
@RestController
@RequestMapping("/api/v1/rental-properties")
@Validated
public class RentalPropertyController {
    private final RentalPropertyService
        rentalPropertyService;
    public RentalPropertyController(
            RentalPropertyService rentalPropertyServi
        this.rentalPropertyService = rentalPropertySe
    }
    // ... the rest goes here
}
These are the important points for this beginning:
We are declaring that this class will be a RestController  class.
Since this annotation inherits from the @Controller  annotation,
which inherits from @Component , Spring will treat this class as a
Spring bean and will instantiate it for you during the application start.
The @RequestMapping  annotation is used to deﬁne the actual API
root directory . Since updating endpoints can break clients, the best pat -
tern for maintenance is to add a version to the root API directory . When
you need to release new versions of the same API, it is advisable to cre -
ate the other versions on separate classes, with an updated version
number .
We declare that this class will have method parameters validated by
Spring at execution time. We will see how that is done in a few sections.
Another interesting thing we can see is that this Spring bean depends on
RentalPropertyService . We will talk about service classes in the
future, but in essence, these are the classes that should segregate our
business rules. For now , it is enough to say that this is the same syntax
used previously for dependency injection. These lines declare for the
Spring Framework that it needs to provide an instance of the service
class whenever it is instantiating the Controller  class during the API
boot time. Spring will ﬁnd and instantiate the service class.
Let’s now jump to the actual endpoint declarations, starting from the GET
request to retrieve a rental property from a property ID:
@GetMapping(
    value = "/{id}",
    produces = "application/json")
public ResponseEntity<RentalPropertyDTO> getPropertyB
    @PathVariable UUID id) {
    return rentalPropertyService.get(id)
        .map(ResponseEntity::ok)
        .orElse(ResponseEntity.status(HttpStatus.NOT_
            .body(null));
}
This shows  how to implement the GET HTTP  endpoint using Spring Web:
We see how to use the @GetMapping  annotation. This is the one that
makes Spring forward the GET requests it receives from the network
straight to your annotated method. The full endpoint address will then in -
clude the value we added to the @RequestMapping  annotation at the
top of the RentalPropertyControlle r class. The whole address
for this GET endpoint will be /api/v1/rental-
properties/{your rental property id} .
We deﬁne what format the application will produce. In this case, whatev -
er object we return inside ResponseEntity  will actually be automati -
cally turned into a JSON string by the Spring Framework.
We deﬁne that the method should return ResponseEntity , and this is
a standard return type for HTTP  requests in Spring. The return is actually
typed with the RentalPropertyDTO  class, which is our data trans -
fer object  (DTO) class. In other words, the RentalPropertyDTO
class is the Java POJO that carries the properties of a rental property
over the network. We will look at it in just a second.
We declare a variable in  the endpoint address – the {id}  part, which we
call a path parameter . We also declare that part of the request address
will be extracted to a variable. To extract a path parameter from the re -
quest URI, we need to use the @PathVariable  annotation, and the
name of the method parameter should match the path parameter declared
in the value  attribute of the @GetMapping  annotation.
We have declared the code with a functional pipeline, from which we re -
trieve the rental property from the service class, and then we map it to a
ResponseEntity  object if the rental property object is found. The ok
method in this line will set the rental property DT O as the response pay -
load and the HTTP  response code as 200. We also implement a fallback
so that we return a 404 status code ( NOT FOUND ) in case the GET re-
quest is ﬁred with an invalid rental property ID. This pipeline was built
using the Java Optional object, which helps avoid if sentences and null
pointer exceptions in Java. The code feels more ﬂuid and readable, but it
can be a challenge to read if you are dealing with functional code for the
ﬁrst time. I felt confused the ﬁrst time I read code like this, but eventual -
ly, I got used to it.
Now , let’s jump to the POST  request implementation:
@PostMapping(
    consumes = "application/json",
    produces = "application/json")
public ResponseEntity<RentalPropertyDTO> createProper
    @Valid @RequestBody RentalPropertyDTO property) {
    RentalPropertyDTO createdRentalProperty
            = rentalPropertyService.create(property);
    return ResponseEntity.status(HttpStatus.CREATED)
        .body(createdRentalProperty);
}
These are the highlights from this code. I will not repeat the explanations
that I gave for the GET endpoint:
As with the @GetMapping  annotation we just saw , we are using
@PostMapping  now to declare an HTTP  POST  endpoint
implementation.
We declared that this endpoint would accept JSON payloads from the
clients. This means that the only way to send new information for creat -
ing a rental property is by sending a JSON payload in our request to the
API (we will look at a request execution sample in a minute).
We are declaring the property  parameter in the method, of the
RentalPropertyDTO  type since this is the class we use to transfer
rental property information over the network. We tagged this parameter
with two annotations: @Valid , so that Spring needs to check for some
rules before accepting the request and executing our method, and @Re-
questBody , which means Spring will parse your POST  request pay -
load into a RentalPropertyDTO  object. This is basically how we
can parse payloads to method parameters using Spring Web.
We ask our service class to create the property and return it to a variable.
Finally , we illustrate how to create the default ResponseEntity  ob-
ject used as a standard return type for the Spring Web implementations.
The HTTP  status of CREATED  is the one numbered 201. The payload of
the return, of course, is the newly created rental property , set as the
body .
Let’s now jump to the PUT mapping to see what we’ve got:
@PutMapping(
    value = "/{id}",
    consumes = "application/json",
    produces = "application/json")
public ResponseEntity<RentalPropertyDTO> updateProper
    @PathVariable UUID id,
    @Valid @RequestBody RentalPropertyDTO updatedProp
    return rentalPropertyService
        .update(id, updatedProperty)
        .map(ResponseEntity::ok)
        .orElse(ResponseEntity.status(HttpStatus.NOT_
            .body(null));
}
Here:
We have used the @PutMapping  annotation, which tells Spring to cre -
ate a PUT endpoint from our method. This is the same as the other anno -
tations but for a dif ferent HTTP  method.
The PUT request needs both a payload and a path parameter since we are
sending updated information to an existing rental property object. The
payload is, of course, declared with the @RequestBody  annotation,
and the path parameter is declared with the @PathVariable  annota -
tion, just like in previous examples.
We show a similar functional pipeline as we had in the GET implementa -
tion. However , this time, we are ﬁrst calling the update  method of our
service class.
The PATCH  implementation looks just like the PUT implementation:
@PatchMapping(
    value = "/{id}",
    consumes = "application/json",
    produces = "application/json")
public ResponseEntity<RentalPropertyDTO> patchPropert
    @PathVariable UUID id,
    @RequestBody RentalPropertyDTO partialUpdate) {
    return rentalPropertyService
        .updateSomeFields(id, partialUpdate)
        .map(ResponseEntity::ok)
        .orElse(ResponseEntity.status(HttpStatus.NOT_
        .body(null));
}
We have a proper @PatchMapping  annotation, of course
We also need a request body for handling partial updates
We have the functional pipeline in the method implementation
The DELETE  implementation  changes things a bit:
@DeleteMapping("/{id}")
public ResponseEntity<Void> deleteProperty(@PathVaria
    return rentalPropertyService
        .delete(id)
        .map(opt ->
            ResponseEntity.noContent()
                .<Void>build())
        .orElse(ResponseEntity
            .status(HttpStatus.NOT_FOUND).build());
}
Of course, we have the @DeleteMapping  annotation, which will tell
Spring that the method is implementing the DELETE  HTTP  method
endpoint.
When  deleting an object successfully , the standard return code we should
use is 204 (success, no content). However , some developers will also
use 200.
Since we are not returning a payload in our request, we need to make it
explicit, with the <Void>  declaration.
Now , let’s go to the /search  endpoint:
@GetMapping(
    value = "/search",
    produces = "application/json")
public ResponseEntity<List<RentalPropertyDTO>> search
    @RequestParam(required = false) String name,
    @RequestParam(required = false) String address,
    @RequestParam(required = false) String city,
    @RequestParam(required = false) String country,
    @RequestParam(required = false) String zipCode) {
    return ResponseEntity.ok(rentalPropertyService.se
        name, address, city,country,zipCode));
}
This is just another use case of the @GetMapping  annotation, which
declares a GET HTTP  endpoint. This time, our full endpoint address will
be /api/vi/rental-properties/search .
Instead of a path parameter , this time, we are using a series of request
parameters through the use of the @RequestParam  annotation. None
of the request parameters are required since we will usually look for
properties using just a few criteria.
Since the return of the service class is a list of properties found, we do
not have to add the optional implementation. If we do not have a proper -
ty, we can return an empty list.
Okay , this covers a lot of cases and almost all of the essential Spring Web
annotations for declaring REST  endpoints, which is amazing, but what if
we need to extract a header from our HTTP  request? Let’ s take a look at the
next code sample:
@GetMapping(
    value = "/headers",
    produces = "application/json")
public ResponseEntity<String> getHeaderInfo(
        @RequestHeader("User-Agent") String userAgent
    return ResponseEntity.ok("User-Agent: " + userAge
}
In this implementation, these are the important things to consider: this im -
plementation is not quite related to our rental property . I added it to our
sample code just to show you how to extract the User-Agent  header
from the request. This is done by declaring the @RequestHeader  annota -
tion, in which you add the name of the header you would like to extract.
Let’s now take a quick look at RentalPropertyDTO , which is the basic
Java object that we used to implement the payload:
public record RentalPropertyDTO(
        UUID id,
        @NotNull(message = "Landlord id is required")
        UUID landlordID,
        @NotEmpty(message = "Name is required")
        String name,
        @NotEmpty(message = "Address is required")
        String address,
        @NotEmpty(message = "City is required")
        String city,
        @NotEmpty(message = "Country is required")
        String country,
        @NotEmpty(message = "Zip code is required")
        String zipCode,
        @NotNull(message = "Rent is required")
        Double rent
) { }
As you can tell, the @NotEmpty  and @NotNull  directives come from the
Spring validation project. It makes it easy to deﬁne what is acceptable in
our HTTP  requests.
And that’ s it for the essential Spring Web implementation. There are a lot of
interesting advanced parameters you can explore in the Spring Web docu -
mentation, but with these foundational annotations, you are fully equipped
to write a very comprehensive set of endpoints for your API.
Let’s see our API in action, and then I will leave you with a nice cheat sheet
of the essential annotations of the Spring Web project.
Using the Rental Properties API
Let’s execute a  request to all these endpoints using curl  so that you know
exactly how they behave.
Remember , we can run your Spring application with this command in the
terminal:
> gradle bootRun
Let’s see the result. This is the start of the execution. Since the logs are
massive, I’m only adding some slices of the output here:
Figure 5.21: Spring application console output
This is the  very beginning of the execution. As you can see, the Spring Boot
ASCII header is the ﬁrst thing that is logged in the terminal.
Now , let’s guarantee that our beans for this chapter are all online:
Figure 5.22: Listing the available Spring beans
As you can  see, because we created dependencyInjectionSample  in
our project, we can now see the rentalPropertyController  bean
instantiated:
Figure 5.23: Checking how long the application is alive
And by the end of the boot log, we can see the success message. In this
case, the app is running for 24 minutes.
You can also run this app by ﬁnding the .jar  ﬁle in the
build/libs/My-first-Springboot-server-0.0.1-
SNAPSHOT.jar  location:
Figure 5.24: Running a Spring application .jar ﬁle
As you  can see, the command for you to run your application is this one:
> java -jar <path of your spring app jar>
This is the command through which you want your application to run in
production. It is as simple as that. The fact that your application .jar  ﬁle
is named with the SNAPSHOT  sufﬁx will be explained in future chapters.
This is due to deployment and versioning strategies. Let’ s forget about this
for now .
Creating a rental property
Now  that we have conﬁrmed that our application is running correctly , let’s
create a rental property . Use the following curl  command for that:
> curl -X POST "http://localhost:8080/api/v1/rental-p
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{
        "address": "456 New St",
        "landlordID": "80b0da3f-0568-4eff-b665-26372b
        "city": "New City",
        "country": "New Country",
        "zipCode": "67890",
        "rent": 1500.0,
        "name": "rental property sample"
    }' -vvvvv
I created the landlordID  value using the uuidgen  command in
Ubuntu, just as I explained earlier .
The execution goes as follows in my terminal:
Figure 5.25: Getting a response from the server
As you can see, we are correctly receiving the JSON with the result of the
API request.
Retrieving the created rental property
Let’s ﬁre a request for retrieving this property . It is as easy as appending the
declared API URI to our base URL  (localhost , port 8080 ) and adding
the resource ( rental-properties ), and the ID generated in the previ -
ous POST  request goes as the path parameter . We are also sending the ac-
cept  header in order to notify our API that we can receive  JSON as a
response:
Figure 5.26: Retrieving an existing rental property
Next, we will update our new property .
Updating the rental property
With the following command, we are updating the entire object. Note that
we are appending both the path parameter in the URL  and the payload with
the updated ﬁelds:
Figure 5.27: Updating the rental property
As expected, this request returns 200 as the update was successful, and the
new ﬁelds are also returned by the API.
Sending missing data when a field is required
Note that if we skip sending some ﬁelds, the Spring validation feature will
act on it and we will be able to see some interesting feedback. This is the re -
quest that should fail. I am skipping sending the landlordID  attribute,
which is declared as @NotNull  in RentalPropertyDTO :
Figure 5.28: Sending missing data on purpose in a request
As you can see, the return code is now 400, meaning that the request was
malformed. The payload returned reﬂects this. In this case, the client will
not receive too much information about what is missing, but we can still see
it in the server console logs:
Figure 5.29: Getting a speciﬁc error from the Spring validation dependency
As you  can see, the very last line of this log refers to the fact that the land -
lord ID is required, which was exactly what we wrote in the
RentalPropertyDTO  validation rules.
There are ways to improve the message for the customer . If you look close -
ly, you will ﬁnd that this 400 request didn’ t even call our Java method – the
one that is marked with the @PostMapping  annotation. That is because
Spring validation works prior to the request reaching
RentalPropertyController . Spring takes care of notifying our
clients that the request is malformed, and we do not need to worry at all
about it in our code.
Partially updating the rental property
This is the curl  test for demonstrating how to update only one of the ﬁelds
of our rental property object. The rental property ID is from an already ex-
isting property:
Figure 5.30: Updating just a portion of a property
As you can see, this request only sends a partial JSON representation of the
rental property object. We are sending only the name of the object. The re -
turned JSON contains the updated name of the rental property .
Deleting the rental property
Here is an example of how you can send a DELETE  request to an existing
rental property:
Figure 5.31: Deleting a property
As you can see, the HTTP  return code is 204, as we have programmed it in
the former pages. 204 stands for no content ; saying that, after an HTTP
DELETE  request, we should not ﬁnd the entity anymore.
Making sure the rental property was deleted
If we try to  fetch the deleted property , we get a 404 code, which means not
found  in the HTTP  protocol:
Figure 5.32: Trying to fetch a deleted property
Let’s now search for a rental property .
Searching for a rental property
This is probably the key functionality we were expecting to see. In this
case, we are ar guing that the endpoint for searching for a rental property can
support dif ferent query parameters. This is not supposed to be “the ﬁnal
right answer” since there are a lot of ways to implement a /search  end-
point. But since this is an exercise to show how a Spring Web REST  API
should work, I am showing you one of the many possible ways to do this:
Figure 5.33: Searching for a rental property
Also, I think you noticed that the -H ﬂag is used to specify a new header to
be sent on your request. We have used it in every request to specify that we
can accept JSON payloads in the response.
WARNING
Bear in mind that you need to pr ogram your endpoints to r eturn whatever
you want them to r eturn. Those r eturn codes ar e nothing but a convention
for the HTTP  protocol that you need to be keen on. The Spring W eb pr oject
will not for ce you to use the right codes – you, as a developer , need to
choose them wisely . Otherwise, you will risk pr ogramming your API to do
weird things.
I used quite a few APIs that would r eturn 200 for whatever r equests I
would make, even if the r equest found an err or. Those APIs will r eturn a
JSON with some error  attribute in it, or success=false  in the JSON.
This is just wr ong fr om an API standpoint. Y our r eturn code should inform
the API user whether the API r equest was successful or not. Y ou can even
include some special r esponse payload to explain the err or, but the HTTP
error code should be chosen accor ding to the conventions. When you ar e in
doubt, just use the  HTTP  Cats website ( https://http.cat/ ), which is both in -
formative and fun!
Spring Web cheat sheet
Here is a  useful list for you to quickly refer to whenever you need to remind
yourself of which Spring Web annotations should be used and where:
@RestController : This should be added to the class deﬁnition. It
tells Spring that your class will handle HTTP  requests.
@RequestMapping("api/v1/your-resources") : This should
be added to the class level as well. It tells Spring the resource address of
your REST  API. A resource address is a directory in the API in which
you can ﬁnd the domain and domain objects. It is a good convention to
use the resource name in the plural ( rental-properties , land-
lords , payments , and so on).
@GetMapping , @PatchMapping , @PostMapping , @PutMap-
ping , and @DeleteMapping : These should be used at the method
level. They deﬁne which HTTP  verb will be handled by your class
method. You should deﬁne the path parameters in them if you are to take
the domain object ID as a part of the URL. You also need to deﬁne here
what you accept and produce in the request and response payloads.
@PathVariable : This should be added before a method parameter . It
helps extract a path parameter out of the URL  directly to your method
parameter . It only works if the method parameter name is the same as the
path parameter deﬁned in the URL  mapping annotations (please refer to
the examples we have shown in previous sections).
@RequestParam : This should be added to a method parameter . It
helps extract query parameters from the URL.
Validation-speciﬁc annotations at the class level are as follows:
@Validated : This should be added at the class level. It helps in -
form that the Spring validation feature will be used in some method
parameters.
@Valid : This should be added to a parameter in a method. It helps
automatically validate input rules from the parameter class types.
Validation-speciﬁc  annotations at the ﬁeld level are as follows:
@NotNull : This ensures that the annotated ﬁeld is not null. Use this
for mandatory ﬁelds.
@NotEmpty : This ensures that the annotated collection, map, or
string is not null and not empty . Use this for non-null, non-empty
strings or collections.
@NotBlank : This ensures that the annotated string is not null and
not empty after trimming. It is suitable for mandatory , non-whitespace
strings.
@Size : This validates the size of collections, maps, arrays, or the
length of strings. It speciﬁes the min and/or max attributes to set
boundaries.
@Min : This ensures that the annotated numeric value is not less than
the speciﬁed minimum. Use this for setting lower bounds on numbers.
@Max : This ensures that the annotated numeric value is not greater
than the speciﬁed maximum. Use this for setting upper bounds on
numbers.
@DecimalMin : This ensures that the annotated decimal value is not
less than the speciﬁed minimum. It supports strings for lar ge numbers
or ﬂoating-point precision.
@DecimalMax : This ensures that the annotated decimal value is not
greater than the speciﬁed maximum. It supports strings for lar ge num -
bers or ﬂoating-point precision.
@Positive : This ensures that the annotated numeric value is
greater than 0. Use this for validating positive numbers.
@PositiveOrZero : This ensures that the annotated numeric value
is 0 or greater . Use this for validating non-negative numbers.
@Negative : This ensures that the annotated numeric value is less
than 0. Use this for validating negative numbers.
@NegativeOrZero : This ensures that the annotated numeric value
is 0 or less. Use this for validating non-positive numbers.
@Digits : This ensures that the annotated numeric value has an ex -
act number of integer and fractional digits and speciﬁes integer and
fraction attributes.
@Pattern : This validates that the annotated string matches the
speciﬁed regular expression. Use this for custom string formats.
@Email : This validates that the annotated string is a valid email ad -
dress and ensures the proper format of email addresses.
@Past : This ensures that the annotated date or time is in the past.
Use this for historical dates.
@PastOrPresent : This ensures that the annotated date or time is
in the past or present. It is suitable for historical or current dates.
@Future : This ensures that the annotated date or time is in the fu -
ture. Use this for dates that must occur later .
@FutureOrPresent : This ensures that the annotated date or time
is in the future or present. It is suitable for future or current dates.
@AssertTrue : This ensures that the annotated Boolean ﬁeld is
true . Use this for Boolean conditions that must be true .
@AssertFalse : This ensures that the annotated Boolean ﬁeld is
false . Use this for Boolean conditions that must be false .
@CreditCardNumber : This ensures that the annotated string is a
valid credit card number (Luhn algorithm) and validates credit card
numbers.
@URL : This ensures that the annotated string is a valid URL  and vali -
dates the proper format of URLs.
Summary
We covered a lot of ground in this chapter . We went through a full revision
of how network requests happen and the HTTP  protocol and its main parts,
and learned how the Spring Framework works internally and manages
Spring beans for you. Then, we wrote our ﬁrst Spring Web REST  API.
In the next chapter , we will cover great topics and patterns that complement
this one, such as learning how to test our APIs; how to use localization pat -
terns so that we can have our API working with multiple currencies, mea -
surements, and languages; how to write WebFlux apps; and learning about
saga patterns, logging patterns, and other important additions that you will
ﬁnd important in many projects you will face.
6
Translating Business Requirements
into Well-Designed Spring APIs
Welcome to Chapter 6 ! In this chapter , we will talk about how to develop
your core business logic using Spring Framework conventions. Also, we
will talk about many things related to improving our API design’ s clarity .
Another important aspect we will dive into in this chapter is how to create
the tests we need to ensure our APIs are working as expected.
We will turn our requirements into test cases and guarantee that our APIs
are working according to what the product team wants. These are the topics
we are going to cover:
Mastering the blueprint for any Spring microservice
Error handling in REST  APIs
Implementing business services in Spring
Writing automated tests for your Spring applications
Tuning Spring Web for peak performance
Making your API design a lot better
This will be an exciting journey that focuses on translating the product de -
sire into actual models that provide the right logic for delivering business
value. You will start by learning about the only template you will ever need
to write a Spring microservice. How about that? Let’ s get into it!
Technical requirements
All the code in this chapter is in this GitHub repository URL:
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -06/rental-property-microservice .
Mastering the blueprint for any
Spring microservice
Now that we know exactly how to produce a good HTTP  interface for our
remote clients with Spring Web, let’ s look at the critical pieces of a server .
Most Spring-based servers that can serve remote client requests will follow
the pattern shown in Figur e 6.1:
Figure 6.1: Spring services master blueprint
As you can see, there are three vertical layers and four horizontal layers in
this diagram. We will conceptually explain the vertical and horizontal lay -
ers, and we will go over each of these aspects in future sections and
chapters.
Exploring the vertical layers
The three vertical layers you  can see in Figur e 6.1 will help you to or ganize
your source code in such a way that you can isolate three special categories,
client interface code, internal services, and the data persistence layer , so that
your app can maintain a long-term state if you need it. They are not strictly
required every time, but they are truly useful for or ganizing your mind. In
the sub-sections that follow is a more thorough explanation of each layer .
Remote interface
This left vertical layer contains the set of classes that will be concerned
solely with interfaces for serving remote  clients. This is the client’ s entry
point. In the example in the previous chapter , using Spring Web, we learned
how to implement HTTP  and REST  APIs. But this remote interface layer
can be implemented in diverse ways, depending on our use cases (we will
see this throughout the book). You should avoid at all costs adding business
rules to this set of classes since, in this remote interface layer , your code is
required to only capture the client requests and delegate them to business
services in the central vertical layer . This approach is similar to the one we
wrote in our past chapter example, when we injected the
RentalPropertyService  Spring Bean into our
RentalPropertyController  class. This layer is also responsible for
formatting data to be transmitted over the network. In REST  APIs, that
means we can accept JSON objects, for instance.
Business
This central vertical layer  represents the set of classes where you should
code your domain business rules. Whatever specialized knowledge you
have about the product should be represented and implemented in this layer ,
and nowhere else. The typical class that performs a business action and en -
forces its speciﬁc rules is called a service , and it will accept and return
Data-T ransfer  Objects  (DTOs), which are basic Java classes representing
structured business objects. These service classes also interact with remote
services (other microservices that we need to call from within the service
we are writing) and repositories (the data sources we need to use in order to
store long-term data) to save data and delegate calls to other servers in the
network.
Persistence
This is the right vertical layer and is responsible for making sure we can
store and retrieve structured data from a data store. It usually implements
connections to databases of distinct types, or some sort of blob storage
mechanism, or whatever interfaces we need to store and retrieve data to (it
could be a remote ﬁlesystem, such as FTP , NFS, or even a Google Sheet in
the cloud).
These three vertical layers will be made clearer as we proceed.
Understanding the horizontal layers
The horizontal layers will separate each vertical layer into some common
areas. They will give you four distinctions: the top one consists of the ob -
jects that you will use to handle data in your system (hence, each vertical
layer has its own data object format). The middle layer consists of inter -
faces (literally Java interfaces that you will use to deﬁne system functions –
what input they need and what output they return). The third layer is the
Java code that will drive the implementation of the service interface you
have deﬁned. And the fourth layer describes a remote system that you are
relating with (it could be a customer , another microservice, or a database,
for instance). Let’ s have a more thorough description of our horizontal
layers.
Objects
The top horizontal layer contains the actual data structures we will work
with. There is a special need to separate implementations for the network
objects, the service objects, and the storage objects because these data struc -
tures, although representing the same business concepts, will have dif ferent
needs. The network data representations could be JSON objects in REST
APIs. The DT Os are plain Java objects with raw attributes and very simple
methods for handling whatever business rules we need to enforce. They are
usually the input and output parameters of our service classes. Entities, on
the other hand, are classes representing whatever requirements for data per -
sistence we need to enforce. We will often see service classes translating
DTOs to entities and vice versa, with a 1-1 mapping, especially when they
are too similar . Spring Web is capable of automatically turning JSON ob -
jects into DT Os. On several occasions, a single call to a service class with
quite a simple DT O could result in many entity objects being created and
persisted in a repository . Because of those dif ferent factors, we will usually
have these three core types of data:
Network data representations
DTOs
Entities
Interfaces
This middle horizontal layer represents the methods that are available
throughout the whole application, stripped of their implementations. For
Java programmers, that means we should only add interface classes in this
layer , or very thin implementations (for instance, our
RentalPropertyController  contains very few lines of code in each
method). This layer will help you to keep your abstractions as clean and or -
ganized as possible so that you can think in business terms without concern -
ing yourself too much about how to implement those methods, or which
technologies you are interfacing with. This is great for expressing the con -
cepts and philosophies of your servers in an isolated manner . On the left
side of the interfaces layer , we will have all interfaces that handle remote
communication. In the center , we will have business interfaces. On the right
side, we will have persistence interfaces.
Implementations
This third horizontal layer , from top to bottom, is where you create classes
to implement the interfaces from  the interfaces layer (the second layer , from
top to bottom). As a rule of thumb, on the left side, the implementations for
REST  controllers are provided by the Spring Web dependency and the an -
notations we have learned about. You can use other Spring Web annotations
to enrich your HTTP  protocol handling, such as @RestControllerAd -
vice , to map how Java exceptions will lead to proper HTTP  responses (we
will look at that in this chapter).
Throughout the entire layer , you will be using whatever annotations are
available in Spring Projects to implement speciﬁc behaviors for your appli -
cation (you will also use Spring AOP  for this, which will be presented later
in the book).
In the central  part of the implementations layer , a service implementation
can be of two types: either you are implementing a call to another remote
service (remote service calls), and that implementation will encapsulate
whatever boilerplate code is required, or you are implementing business
rules (service implementations), which means you can handle DT Os and
entity objects, and injecting other services interfaces in that implementation.
You should never let an implementation class inject another implementation
class directly because when a service needs to call another service, if you
inject the implementation classes directly , that will expose your speciﬁc im -
plementation detail to the rest of your code, and this will risk making your
code harder to maintain in the long term. Instead, you should just inject the
service interface into whatever class needs it to keep your abstractions clean
and the implementations isolated from each other . Spring Framework
knows how to provide the proper implementation classes for your services;
we will see some examples of that.
On the right  side of this layer , we can ﬁnd the implementation for storing
and retrieving objects from dif ferent databases and other kinds of persis -
tence mechanisms. These are usually given by annotations that you will
take from the right Spring dependency . There are dif ferent Spring Projects
that you can include in your server that will allow you to connect to what -
ever databases you want, for example.
Remote access
Finally , the lower horizontal layer is there to make you aware of the exter -
nal connections your Spring server is maintaining. On the left side, for
REST  APIs, we are talking about your remote clients’  HTTP  connections.
In the center , it lets you know that your service could execute requests to
other remote servers. On the right  side, the remote access is, of course, your
database of choice. With this single diagram, you can understand the entire
philosophy of how to create any microservices with Spring Framework.
This is truly all you need to see how a Spring server should be implement -
ed. It might take a bit to really understand this, but once you re-read these
sections a couple of times and go through our upcoming examples, you
should have a better understanding.
Remember that, in general, each Spring microservice will serve just one or
a few very closely related domains or concepts in your application.
Here is an example, based on our HomeIt start-up.
Rental proposal service design
We can think of a rental proposal service that will use Spring Web as the
left vertical layer (remote interface – a REST  API), will implement a few
services in the middle vertical layer (business) to translate a DT O to a rental
proposal entity , and will save the rental proposals as documents in a
MongoDB database in the right vertical layer (persistence). Turn the book
to the right so that you can see the whole image properly .
Figure 6.2: Rental properties service Spring layout
To implement this service, we should do the following:
1. Create the RentalProposalController  remote interface, deﬁning
the API and the HTTP  methods using Spring Web.
2. Create the RentalProposalDTO  class, which contains the rental pro -
posal ﬁelds. The JSON structure should come out of the box, as Spring
Web automatically translates DT Os to JSON and vice versa.
3. Create a RentalProposalService  Java interface with all the oper -
ations we need for creating/storing rental proposals.
4. Create a RentalProposalServiceImpl , which will implement the
methods in the interface.
5. Create a MessageService  interface, which encapsulates the mes -
sages we are sending to users when a rental proposal is created or
changed.
6. Create a MessageService  implementation, using the Spring Feign
client to ﬁre HTTP  requests to our message service (we will look at how
the Feign client works in a future chapter).
7. Create a RentalProposalEntity  class that will be used to store
and retrieve our rental proposal objects from MongoDB.
8. Create a RentalProposalRepository  interface that will declare
all possible operations over our repository .
9. The implementation for accessing MongoDB will be provided by the
Spring Data MongoDB instance (we will look at that during Chapter 10 ,
when we will show you how to work with NoSQL  databases).
10. We will need to implement automated tests to make sure all these classes
are working properly .
We will see that implementation in upcoming sections. For now , this step-
by-step plan is basically to show you a dif ferent service in our HomeIt
startup.
In the next section, we  will discuss and practice an important but often
overlooked aspect of Spring software development: how to deal with excep -
tions and errors in a very structured, clear way .
Error handling in REST APIs
Since we were talking about REST  services in the prior chapter ’s examples,
let’s extend this a bit to solve a critical problem in Spring REST  APIs.
Suppose there is a speciﬁc exception that is issued by various endpoints in
your application. How could you implement the proper error handling and
return meaningful responses to your remote clients without replicating code
with the same try/catch  statements all over the place?
A useful example would be the 500 error code in HTTP . How many times
you have seen unexpected server errors that are fully unformatted and irrel -
evant, or just empty? It is basically impossible to anticipate every situation
in which your code can break in production. So, it is at least advisable to
have something in place that can catch all the unexpected exceptions
thrown in your code and just handle it in such a way that your remote
clients will receive a standard, well-formatted message in every case.
In these annoying situations, we can standardize our responses using the
@ControllerAdvice  and @ExceptionHandler  Spring Web anno -
tations, and the ProblemDetail  class as a standardized return object.
Let’s see how it works. First, we will create this sample defective  endpoint
in our current RentalPropertyController  class that will purpose -
fully throw a RuntimeException :
@GetMapping(value = "/error")
public ResponseEntity<List<RentalPropertyDTO>> runtim
    throw new RuntimeException
        ("This was a sample unhandled runtime excepti
}
This exception is just to symbolize a runtime error that could happen any -
where in your application.
Next, let’ s use curl  to ﬁre a request to this endpoint:
Figure 6.3: A sample request to an endpoint that always triggers an
exception
As you can notice, we get an internal server error that does not give any
useful data from the exception we originally ﬁred.
Now , let’s create this simple class to handle all uncaught runtime exceptions
that happen throughout our code:
@RestControllerAdvice
public class SampleExceptionHandler {
    @ExceptionHandler(RuntimeException.class)
    public ResponseEntity<ProblemDetail>
        handleGenericException(RuntimeException ex) {
            ProblemDetail problemDetail =
                ProblemDetail.forStatus(
                    HttpStatus.INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR)
            problemDetail.setTitle(
                "Customized Internal Server Error");
            problemDetail.setDetail(
                "An unexpected error occurred: "
                    + ex.getMessage());
            problemDetail.setInstance(
                URI.create(
                    "/api/v1/rental-properties/error"
            problemDetail.setProperty("timestamp",
                LocalDateTime.now().toString());
            return new ResponseEntity<>(problemDetail
                HttpStatus.INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR);
    }
}
Here are some highlights:
I am annotating the class with the @RestControllerAdvice  Spring
Web annotation, which lets Spring know this is a bean that’ s used to han -
dle whatever exceptions are declared in the methods. We can have as
many @RestControllerAdvice  classes as we want in our code, but
many projects will only maintain one of them. Unless you have very
complicated exception handling and need to isolate them in other classes
for clarity , having just one @RestControllerAdvice  tagged class
will be OK.
We are tagging a single method with the @ExceptionHandler  anno -
tation, which lets us specify which exception should be handled in this
method. In our case, we just want a method that can capture all runtime
exceptions so that we can better format 500 error messages to our HTTP
clients.
We are creating an instance of the ProblemDetail  class, which has
very useful ﬁelds for informing remote clients about our errors.
If you have several dif ferent exceptions that you want to handle in your
code using the RestControllerAdvice  mechanism, you can create
different methods for handling each one of the exceptions you want to
address.
Now , let’s see it in action. Once you have written a
RestControllerAdvice  class, Spring just knows  how to forward er -
rors to an instance of this class by using the Spring Beans management
mechanism we talked about in the previous chapter .
The @RestControllerAdvice  annotation will signal Spring
Framework to create a Spring Bean out of it, and to keep that instance
throughout the whole application lifecycle.
Here is an attempt  to ﬁre the same GET request, but this time the response is
customized by our @RestControllerAdvice  bean:
Figure 6.4: A customized response returned by the RestControllerAdvice
class
As you can see, our original exception message is now being carried over
the remote client. Notice that this can help with troubleshooting important
error messages, but it can also lead to security breaches if you don’ t handle
the error messages properly . Letting error messages ﬂow to your remote
HTTP  clients can leak important security details about your architecture.
You need to be very careful about these error messages.
Implementing business services in
Spring
Now , let’s answer another very important question about the Spring
Frameworks’  magic and how it ﬁts in the generic design diagram we
showed you at the beginning of this chapter .
When implementing a Spring Server application and writing the business
vertical layer , how should we declare our service interfaces and
implementations?
Declaring service interfaces in Spring
The answer is rather simple, and we can illustrate it with our
RentalPropertyController  service classes in a few minutes. First,
Spring will basically require you to follow  these four steps:
1. For every special domain in your server , you can have one or more ser -
vice interface classes that represent the special operations you can per -
form over your domain objects.
2. For each service interface you have declared, you need to have an equiv -
alent service implementation class that will extend your service inter -
faces and add code to its methods. We usually name these classes
YourServiceNameImpl  as a convention.
3. You should always tag those service implementation classes with the
@Service  annotation. That is all Spring needs to know in order to
transform your service interface into a Spring Bean during runtime.
4. You can inject your services into other Beans by using the interface
name only . Spring knows how to search for the right implementation
class for that interface at startup time.
Let’s see how it happens in our RentalPropertyService  class. This
is our service interface:
public interface RentalPropertyService {
    List<RentalPropertyDTO> getAllProperties();
    Optional<RentalPropertyDTO> get(UUID id);
    RentalPropertyDTO create(RentalPropertyDTO proper
    Optional<RentalPropertyDTO>
        update(UUID id, RentalPropertyDTO updatedProp
    Optional<RentalPropertyDTO>
        updateSomeFields(UUID id,
            RentalPropertyDTO partialUpdate);
    Optional<RentalPropertyDTO> delete(UUID id);
    List<RentalPropertyDTO> search(String name,
       String address, String city, String country,
       String zipCode);
}
As you can see, the RentalPropertyService  interface maintains all
possible operations pertaining to a rental property object. We can either get
a rental property by its UUID , create a new  rental property , update the
whole object, update some ﬁelds, delete, or search for a rental property .
Writing the implementation class for your
service
Now , for this interface object, we need to add an equivalent implementation
class. Let’ s go over some important parts:
@Service
public class RentalPropertyServiceImpl
        implements RentalPropertyService {
    private final Map<UUID, RentalPropertyDTO>
            rentalProperties = new HashMap<>();
    @Override
    public List<RentalPropertyDTO> getAllProperties()
        return List.copyOf(rentalProperties.values())
    }
    @Override
    public Optional<RentalPropertyDTO> get(UUID id) {
        return Optional.ofNullable(
            rentalProperties.get(id));
    }
    // ... the other methods go here
}
The following points are important here:
We can see the @Service  annotation, signaling to Spring Framework
that this is a Spring Bean. So, by default, any  time we try to inject the
RentalPropertyService  interface, Spring will take this class as
the Bean that implements it. Magic!
You can see that this class implements the
RentalPropertyService  interface, which is the domain we decid -
ed to represent in this microservice.
You can see that I have used the naming convention. This is the
RentalPropertyServiceImpl  class. In other words, an imple -
mentation of the RentalPropertyService  class.
We can see that I have used a simple HashMap  instance to store our
rentalProperties . We are currently not persisting our domain ob -
jects in a database yet; this will be a topic for the next chapter .
You can see two of the several method implementations of the
RentalPropertyService  interface.
Now , this illustrates basically every Spring Service implementation you will
ﬁnd in any company . This is the standard way to or ganize your code, and
every time I see code written with dif ferent conventions, it carries quite a
bit of technical debt and it is hard to maintain.
There are some advantages to this approach:
By setting aside service interfaces and implementation classes, it be -
comes extremely easy to create functio nal prototypes by providing very
basic implementation classes and prove that your interfaces are working
properly in the general context.
You can switch implementations as you need to. Once we get to imple -
menting the database interfaces, we can add a new implementation class
that injects the database interface and uses it, instead of the in-memory
HashMaps.
Now , let’s revisit how our RentalPropertyController  is injecting
the RentalPropertyService  and using the implementation class.
This is how we declared the controller class:
@RestController
@RequestMapping("/api/v1/rental-properties")
@Validated
public class RentalPropertyController {
    private final RentalPropertyService rentalPropert
    public RentalPropertyController(
            RentalPropertyService rentalPropertyServi
        this.rentalPropertyService = rentalPropertySe
    }
    // ... the rest of the controller class goes here
}
Again, to use a service class in one of your Beans, you just need to declare
a private reference to your desired service interface and add that interface as
a property to your constructor . Spring will know how to instantiate the re -
quired implementation service class if you tag it with the @Service
annotation.
Now , let’s look at how this Rental Property API is structured in our general
template:
Figure 6.5: Rental property service class layout
In this sample, we have worked with an extremely poor persistence layer ,
just because we wanted to focus on how to declare Spring Web REST  APIs.
I hope this visual  representation helps you make sense of how people in
general structure their Spring applications. The next chapter will be dedicat -
ed to talking about the data and persistence layers in Spring applications.
Organizing your Spring classes
This screenshot illustrates how to  organize your dif ferent classes in a Spring
application:
Figure 6.6: Rental property packages or ganization
As you can see, there are three main packages so far: service , dto, and
controller . The service interface and respective implementation class
reside in the same service folder . Similarly , the controllers and exception
handlers reside in the same folder as well. There are some variations of this
structure, but this is enough of a convention for you to start.
In this example, we created a series of methods in the same service inter -
face. That was just a convention we followed because the methods imple -
mented were pretty thin. If your service implementations are huge and take
a lot of code, you can break your service interfaces into more ﬁles.
An alternative route that you can take in your project is segregating each in -
dividual service method into a separate interface, then creating an imple -
mentation class for each interface with just one method in each. That is a
decision you and your team will have to make.
When you and your team are deciding about how to or ganize interfaces and
implementations (and even the controllers, for that matter), ask these impor -
tant questions:
Is the number of ﬁles in your project manageable? Is it possible to easily
look at the project structure and navigate the dif ferent interface/class
ﬁles?
Is the number of packages and the directory structure also manageable
and easy to navigate? Does the name of the packages make sense in the
context of your product? Can the developers ﬁnd the interfaces and im -
plementation classes they want by intuitively navigating the package
folder structure?
Are the interfaces and implementation classes easy to read? Is it possible
to read, learn, and maintain the service implementation methods?
If you ﬁnd yourself having a tough time understanding a service implemen -
tation class, it is most probably time to do some refactoring. You can break
interfaces into smaller interfaces and make them more specialized. You can
refactor big service classes by extracting new classes and utility methods to
other ﬁles and packages. You can do all sorts of re-or ganization in your
code.
Now , over to you. Before going to the next section, take some time to plan
and maybe even implement a Spring Web REST  application. Maybe you
want to take one of our microservices in the HomeIt system? Or would you
like to create a RESTful microservice for another enterprise? It is up to you.
Just do not let that change of practicing escape from your hands. It is pretty
easy to create nice APIs using Spring, since most complicated implementa -
tions are provided by the Spring project dependencies, such as Spring Web.
You might have noticed that your only work when using Spring Framework
is twofold:
Knowing what Spring Project you will use to provide implementations
for your technology choices for storage and remote connections
Knowing a lot about your product domain so that you can create the best
interfaces for your key services
Are you up to the challenge of learning by doing? I will wait for you in the
next section.
Writing automated tests for your
Spring apps
Now that we have gone through how Spring app lications are structured,
let’s take a look at how to write automated tests for your apps. When writ -
ing software, you should never leave tests outside of your plans because
you do not want to spend your time manually testing everything important
every time you release a new feature. Or even worse, you do not want to re -
lease new versions without testing everything you can. That will lead to a
very bad result in production, with a lot of bugs and incidents.
An automated test suite will guarantee your software is always compliant
with the requirements. A good set of automated tests is actually a guarantee
that the business will be working ﬁne. Also, automated tests make your de -
velopment much faster and easier , as we will see. Once you have a great
test automation suite, you will feel very conﬁdent whenever you release
new software.
Understanding the basic test pattern
So, let’ s learn how to write automated tests. First, you need to understand
the basic automated test pattern, also called a test case . Every automated
test case – even the manual ones – is created from the same pattern, as
shown in Figur e 6.6:
Figure 6.7: The test pattern
This three-step process, which you follow from left to right to create a test
case, means this:
1. Given – Input : This is a set of background objects from which you want
to start your test. It means the test setup. This is also called the test sce -
nario . In this phase, you are simulating, replicating the scene from
which you want to start your test.
2. When – Operation Is Tested : This is where you use the prepared setup
(the input, or test scenario) to ﬁre the actions you want to test. It means
simulating the behavior that your user will have when the app is running
in production.
3. Verify – Desir ed Output : This phase means that your operation will
generate an output, which you can now compare with the desired output.
If the tested operation output equals the output you expect, your test was
successful. If not, some error happened in the app, and you need to ﬁx
your code.
This test case pattern is pretty easy to understand. When designing a test,
you should always know which output you are expecting to receive from
the test scenario. Otherwise, why bother testing something?
Creating integrated tests with Spring Test
OK, enough of  theory . In our code base, we have provided an example im -
plementation of a test suite for the RentalPropertyController
class. It is located in the chapter ’s repository . We are going to look at this
ﬁrst sample, then step back to explore dif ferent test approaches using
Spring.
First, let’ s start by looking at the test class location. This is the same place
you will ﬁnd test classes in typical Spring projects everywhere:
Figure 6.8: The test class location
The test ﬁle is usually  named after the original class you are tar geting. In
our case, we are going to test RentalPropertyController , which  is
the origin of the RentalPropertyControllerTest  class. All test
classes are stored in the test  directory and should  reﬂect the tested class’
package structure.
This test class contains dif ferent test cases, which we call a test suite . A test
suite contains a set of test cases that follow the same pattern we talked
about earlier .
Another important thing to understand is that tests in Spring are driven by a
speciﬁc project, Spring Tests, which we need to include in our project build
ﬁle:
dependencies {
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    testImplementation 'org.springframework.boot:spri
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    testRuntimeOnly 'org.junit.platform:junit-platfor
}
Since Spring Test is integrated with JUnit out of the box, these are the two
directives we need to include in our build.gradle  ﬁle. These depen -
dencies are automatically included in the Spring Initializr website  generated
project.
Now , let’s head to our RentalPropertyControllerTest  class
declaration:
@SpringBootTest
public class RentalPropertyControllerTest {
    private final WebApplicationContext context;
    private final ObjectMapper objectMapper;
    @Autowired
    RentalPropertyControllerTest(
            WebApplicationContext context,
            ObjectMapper objectMapper){
        this.context = context;
        this.objectMapper = objectMapper;
    }
    // ... the rest of the test goes here
}
These are the important highlights from this code:
We are including the @SpringBootTest  annotation. That means that
once Spring starts to run  your tests, it will actually create an entire
Spring ApplicationContext for you. In other words, your entire Spring
application will run while the test is running. And yes, that includes your
database connections if you do not mock some services (we will see later
how this works).
We are declaring a  reference to the web application context. We will
need it in order to be able to tar get our application with our test cases.
We are declaring a JSON parser . The ObjectMapper  class will help
extract the DT Os from our API responses.
We are declaring the test class constructor . We are asking Spring Boot to
inject the ObjectMapper  and WebApplicationContext  Beans.
Remember that Spring Framework will automatically create and manage
a singleton of each class for us.
We are required to add the @Autowire  annotation to the constructor so
that Spring can inject the Beans in the test environment. This annotation
is only strictly required when running test classes, but you can also use it
in your application code as well. There are several ways to use the @Au-
towire  annotation in Spring, but since the constructor injection is a
better way to get references for other Beans, we will not cover @Au-
towire  in this book.
This summarizes how to declare your test class. Now , let’s see the follow -
ing parts:
private RentalPropertyDTO createdProperty;
private MockMvc mockMvc;
@BeforeEach
void setUp() throws Exception {
    mockMvc = MockMvcBuilders
        .webAppContextSetup(context).build();
    createdProperty = createProperty();
}
private RentalPropertyDTO createdProperty;
private MockMvc mockMvc;
@BeforeEach
void setUp() throws Exception {
    mockMvc = MockMvcBuilders
        .webAppContextSetup(context).build();
    createdProperty = createProperty();
}
The following observations are important:
We are declaring the MockMvc  class reference, which is the class we
use to ﬁre HTTP  requests to your endpoints.
We are declaring a setUp  method that needs to be run before every test
method is called. The @BeforeEach  annotation means exactly that.
Use it to tag a method that you need Spring to run in order to prepare a
clean context for a test case. This preparation method is a part of the
Given – Input  step in our test case pattern.
We are deﬁning that Spring will create a new instance of MockMvc , a
class used to ﬁre the HTTP  requests, as we stated earlier .
We are declaring an instance attribute of type RentalPropertyDTO
called createdProperty . That object will be re-created every time a
test case is run, providing a clean setup for every test case to run.
We can see the call to the createProperty()  method, which is ﬁr -
ing a real HTTP  request to our API and inserting a fresh instance of the
rental property in the API repository .
Alright, now that we have learned how to prepare your test case context,
let’s see how a new rental property is created before every test case:
private RentalPropertyDTO createProperty() throws Exc
    RentalPropertyDTO property = new RentalPropertyDT
    null, UUID.randomUUID(),"Test Property",
    "123 Test St","Test City",
    "Test Country", "12345",1200.0);
    // Simulate creating a property
    String responseBody = mockMvc.perform(
            post("/api/v1/rental-properties")
            .contentType("application/json")
            .content(objectMapper.writeValueAsString(
        .andExpect(status().isCreated())
        .andReturn().getResponse().getContentAsString
    return objectMapper
        .readValue(responseBody, RentalPropertyDTO.cl
}
In this code, we have the following:
We create a sample of the new rental property object to be sent in our
API request as a JSON payload
We perform a POST  request to our API to create the rental property
We specify the POST  address
We specify the  content type of the request
We parse the RentalPropertyDTO  to a JSON string, included as the
content (payload) of the request
We verify that the HTTP  return is 201 (created), which is what we ex -
pect from our API when a new property is successfully created
We extract the response content to a string called responseBody
We use the objectMapper  object to parse our JSON string to a new
RentalPropertyDTO  instance, then return it
This is nice, isn’ t it? We are actually verifying the results as we are setting
up the other tests. That means if something goes wrong while creating the
new properties for the test cases, Spring Test will notify us that something
went wrong.
Let’s see now an example of an actual test case implementation:
@Test
void testGetPropertyById() throws Exception {
    mockMvc.perform(
            get("/api/v1/rental-properties/{id}",
                createdProperty.id())
            .contentType("application/json"))
        .andExpect(status().isOk())
        .andExpect(jsonPath("$.name")
            .value("Test Property"));
}
The following considerations apply:
We are naming a  method with the  test case we want ( testGetProp -
ertyById ). In this case, the method should test whether the GET  prop -
erty request will work in our application. Every test method should clear -
ly be named as the test case we want to execute.
We are indicating with the @Test  annotation that Spring should auto -
matically run this method when automated tests are run so that every
time we run our automated test suite, this method will be executed by
Spring Test and the designed test case will be executed and veriﬁed.
Remember that this method will be called only after Spring Test calls the
setUp()  method because we declared it with the @BeforeEach  an-
notation. That means a brand-new rental property instance will be avail -
able for this test case to use.
We are using mockMvc  to perform an action.
The performed action is the GET  call to the /api/v1/rental-
properties/{id}  endpoint. The {id}  path parameter will be re -
placed by the new rental property ID. This is the When – Operation Is
tested  step in our basic test case pattern.
The GET  request is also added with the contentType  header .
The ﬁnal piece is the Verify – Desired Output  step in our test
case pattern:
We make sure that the HTTP  return code is 200 (OK)
We use a JSON path query to make sure our response payload at -
tribute name  in the root of  the object contains the string Test
Property , which is the name of the property we created before this
test was run.
This summarizes how  Spring Tests are created, concisely . You can look at
other test cases by reading the whole example test class in this chapter ’s
repository .
Testing Beans in isolation
Although remarkably ef fective, this model I just showed you, in fact, will
test the entire Spring application, with all original Spring Beans created for
you. That means your entire application will behave in the way it was origi -
nally intended to.
This should be enough for you to do an integrated test, which is great. But
sometimes, you will want to test nothing  but a single Spring Bean, or an ex -
tremely speciﬁc scenario, which might be difﬁcult to set up using this auto -
mated test model. The complex test scenarios here are examples in which
you want to have more control over the application context:
If your test case will cause your application to ﬁre requests to other re -
mote apps or try to connect to external services, such as databases, you
might ﬁnd it difﬁcult to run integrated tests in your local machine be -
cause your environment may not have access to an instance of the exter -
nal app.
If a determined test case requires your external apps to return speciﬁc re -
sults to your tested app, even if your Spring app can connect to other
apps, it might be impossible to make them return what you want.
If you have an overly complicated service class implementation that has
a lot of complex business rules and references to other injected Spring
Beans, it might be impossible to make other Beans behave exactly how
you want in an integrated test model.
For all these complicated scenarios, wouldn’ t it be useful for Spring Test to
inject fake Beans for you as you see ﬁt? Imagine you can provide a new im -
plementation of any Spring Bean method during test time and get that Bean
to respond in the exact way you want during a test case.
That is possible using the @MockBean  annotation.
Let’s see a test class that illustrates this. Do you remember when we brieﬂy
talked about how to set up a default exception handler for your Spring app?
Let’s force the services to throw exceptions using the @MockBean  annota -
tion, then we can make sure that the RestControllerAdvice  class is
working properly . How about that?
The complete code for the exception handler test class can be found in this
chapter ’s repository:
@SpringBootTest
public class SampleExceptionHandlerTest {
    private final WebApplicationContext context;
    @MockBean
    private RentalPropertyService rentalPropertyServi
    private final ObjectMapper objectMapper;
    @Autowired
    SampleExceptionHandlerTest(
            WebApplicationContext context,
            ObjectMapper objectMapper){
        this.context = context;
        this.objectMapper = objectMapper;
    }
    private MockMvc mockMvc;
    // ... the rest goes here
}
Most of this code is familiar to you, except the part in which we declare that
we want to take control of the RentalPropertyService  Spring Bean.
The @MockBean  annotation will create a wrapper around the original
RentalPropertyService  bean, and we will be able to override any
behavior of that bean during our test cases.
This is how it works:
@Test
void testGetPropertyById() throws Exception {
    Mockito.when(rentalPropertyServiceMock.get(any())
        .thenThrow(new RuntimeException(
            "an unexpected 500 error"));
    mockMvc.perform(
            get("/api/v1/rental-properties/{id}",
                UUID.randomUUID())
            .contentType("application/json"))
        .andExpect(status().is5xxServerError())
        .andExpect(jsonPath("$.title")
            .value("Customized Internal Server Error"
    Mockito.verify(rentalPropertyServiceMock,
            times(1)).get(any());
}
This is a test case in which we are forcing our
RentalPropertyService  Spring Bean to throw a runtime exception
when its get()  method is called with any value by any class in our Spring
app.
You could even customize the parameter to suit your needs in case you are
expecting an exact match in your test case. You can see that we are using
the Mockito.when()  method for that. Any time our conditions are met,
the mo cked response will be activated with the thenThrow()  method.
We are basically passing a new instance of a runtime exception there so that
it can be thrown by Mockito when it is the right time.
By the way , you may have noticed that Mockito is a transient dependency
of the Spring Test project. This means you do not need to manually include
this library in your app dependencies because Spring Test already imports
it.
Here are some useful Mockito methods for you to use during your test
cases:
thenReturn(T value) : Speciﬁes the value to be returned when the
method is called
thenThrow(Throwable... throwables) : Speciﬁes the excep -
tion(s) to be thrown when the method is called
thenReturn(T value, T... values) : Speciﬁes multiple val -
ues to be returned sequentially each time the method is called
thenDoNothing() : Speciﬁes that nothing should be done when the
method is called, typically used for void methods
How amazing is it? Now we test any aspect of our Spring app during test
time. We can manipulate responses as we see ﬁt. During the test veriﬁcation
step (the third step of our test case pattern), we can also verify that a specif -
ic method was called and how .
Other testing options
On some occasions, you will not want to run an entire Spring
ApplicationContext during your tests, since it could take a lot of time on
your build pipeline. In that case, you can resort to regular unit tests. Here is
an example:
public class SampleExceptionHandlerUnitTest {
    private final SampleExceptionHandler handler
        = new SampleExceptionHandler();
    @Test
    public void testHandler() {
        ResponseEntity<ProblemDetail> mySampleExcepti
            = handler.handleGenericException(
                new RuntimeException(
                    "my sample exception"));
        ProblemDetail problemDetail =
            mySampleException.getBody();
        assert problemDetail != null;
        String detail = problemDetail.getDetail();
        Assertions.assertEquals(
        "An unexpected error occurred: my sample exce
        , detail);
    }
}
In this case, we are testing the SampleExceptionHandler  class,
which is called by our Spring app whenever it ﬁnds an unhandled runtime
exception. In the testHandler  method, we are just testing that the
ProblemDetail  class comes as the content of the ResponseEntity
object returned by the handleGenericException()  method. It is as
simple as that if do not want to add this test case to your entire integrated
Spring application test environment.
You can ﬁnd the full code for this unit test in our chapter repository .
We will not extend ourselves too much with regular unit tests, since this is
beyond the scope of Spring Framework. But we will go back to writing oth -
er test cases in the future. I hope this was enough to give you some clarity
about how to start writing your Spring application tests using the Spring
Test dependency .
Coming up with a test case list
Just as a last reminder , since writing an app will always combine thousands
of variables, it is imperative that you write tests that tap into the key combi -
nations and hottest spots of your application. You need  to come up with a
strong list of test cases that combines positive and negative scenarios:
Positive test cases  are the ones that assert your application is working
properly if the right information is passed during the test scenario. For
instance, in our API, a positive test case would be the one in which the
API is creating objects when we pass the right parameters.
Negative test cases  are the ones in which the application reacts correctly
to incorrect data. In other words, you want to make sure that your appli -
cation is emitting the right errors when the wrong data is passed in the
operation tests.
We have seen plenty of positive test cases for
RentalPropertyController  and a negative test case for the runtime
exception. Now , let’s see another negative test case. We will send the wrong
data in our request when creating a rental property . We expect the Spring
Validation dependency to do its job:
@Test
void testCreatePropertyErrorNullAddress() throws Exce
    RentalPropertyDTO newProperty = new RentalPropert
            UUID.randomUUID(), UUID.randomUUID(),
            "New Property", null,
            "New City", "New Country",
            "67890",1500.0);
    mockMvc.perform(
        post("/api/v1/rental-properties")
        .contentType("application/json")
        .content(objectMapper.writeValueAsString(
           newProperty)))
        .andExpect(status().isBadRequest());
}
As you can see, this test case method’ s name states the exact scenario we
want to test: a client sends a null address, and an error is expected. The null
address is inserted on purpose. We verify that our app has returned 400, the
bad request HTTP  code, in the very last line. A bad request will be returned
by default any time the Spring Validation dependency ﬁnds a data violation
in the data sent by the customer . Of course, we could implement a new
RestControllerAdvice  bean so that we can return a clearer answer to
our users as to which ﬁelds are invalid in the request.
The code for this test case can be found in this chapter ’s repository .
Perfecting the application tests over time
OK, now you can write your own test suite. When creating your test cases,
you must be thorough to ensure  the tests guarantee the application’ s robust -
ness. But remember , you can never be perfect.
It does not matter how much you try to create test cases for every combina -
tion of variables, you will always miss some interesting combinations in
your test suite. This is what deﬁnes a bug. More important than trying to be
the perfect software developer is being a developer who can react quickly
and ﬁnd great solutions when problems and missed test cases are found.
And oh, boy , you will ﬁnd a lot of problems, because that is the nature of
software.
As soon as someone on your team reports a bug, make sure to ﬁx the code
and do your best to include new test cases in your suite to cover that sce -
nario. If you do that over the years, your application will achieve a remark -
ably elevated level of maturity .
Running your tests in the console
In order to run your tests, we  need to instruct Gradle to make its results very
clear in the console. You will have to add the testLogging{}  directive
to your build.gradle  ﬁle, inside the tests  section:
tasks.named('test') {
    useJUnitPlatform()
    testLogging {
       events "passed", "skipped", "failed"
    }
}
Then, you will be able to run the following command in your console, in
your project’ s root folder:
> gradle clean test
The clean  directive gets Gradle to empty its build cache and re-run all its
build tasks. If you do not add it, Gradle might store the build and test results
in its cache and will not run the tests again unless you change some code.
You can remove the clean  directive once you are used to how it works
and just run this command:
> gradle test
This is the output I get when  doing it on my computer:
Figure 6.9: The Gradle output with the test results
As you can see, each test class and test method is transparently run, and you
can see which ones passed and which ones did not pass. Every IDE has a
special feature for running tests as well so that you can see the logs for
everything you are doing.
We will talk about logs and transparency a lot more in Chapter 1 1, when we
will show you how to prepare your service for production. That’ s it for test -
ing in this chapter . Now , it is time to enhance your Spring Web app’s
performance.
Tuning Spring Web for peak
performance
As we mentioned when we introduced the Spring Web project, in the past,
Spring Web was not highly recommended for handling a lar ge number of
parallel client requests (in the order of thousands  of simultaneous calls) or
for addressing many I/O operations in the same call, such as connections to
databases, transactions, and requests to other microservices.
I/O operations can add signiﬁcant latency to APIs because accessing net -
works and even local hard drives is much slower than processing in-memo -
ry data. Before Spring 6 and Java 19, Spring Web relied solely on thread
pools to handle these parallel requests. These thread pools were managed by
the OS, and once your API initiated an I/O operation, the entire OS thread
would be stalled, waiting for the operation’ s result. Managing a lar ge num -
ber of threads was impractical because each thread consumed substantial
CPU and memory resources, making it less feasible to run APIs under
heavy server load.
With the introduction of Java 19, we saw the arrival of the Loom project,
which introduced virtual thr eads —a feature  that reduces the cost of sus -
pending thread execution by using internal JVM mechanisms. Virtual
threads are much lighter than traditional OS threads, enabling the handling
of many more concurrent tasks with less resource overhead. Spring 6 now
offers a way to enable virtual threads in your API.
The ef fect of enabling virtual threads is signiﬁcant, making it very efﬁcient
to process parallel requests and I/O-bound operations. This enhancement
brings Spring Web performance much closer to that of Spring WebFlux,
which is a hyper -performant architecture for microservices that we will
learn about in the future. Generally , Spring Web is more readable and easier
to understand and debug than WebFlux, so enabling virtual threads is a gen -
uinely beneﬁcial feature that substantially reduces development costs.
Let’s see how to enable virtual threads for your Spring Web API. We will
look at how to conﬁgure your application in the future by using property
ﬁles, environment variables, and so on. This will be important when we are
discussing deployment strategies and conﬁgurability with Spring. For now ,
let’s keep things as plain and simple as possible by just changing our
RentalPropertiesApplication  class. It will be rewritten like this:
@SpringBootApplication
public class RentalPropertyApplication {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
       SpringApplication app =
          new SpringApplication(RentalPropertyApplica
       app.setDefaultProperties(
          Map.of("spring.threads.virtual.enabled", "t
       app.run(args);
    }
}
As you can see, we are setting a default property value for the
spring.threads.virtual.enabled  key. This is pretty much all
you need if you are using Java 21 and Spring 6. You can make sure you are
using Java 21 by looking at your build.gradle  ﬁle. If you have in -
structed Spring Initializr to create your app with the latest Java version, this
is what you will see there:
java {
    sourceCompatibility = '21'
}
To make sure we are really using virtual threads, I have added a utility end -
point in our RentalPropertyController  class:
@GetMapping("/thread-model")
public String getThreadName() {
    return Thread.currentThread().toString();
}
All this code does is access the current thread and call its toString()
method. You will be able to see the name of the class used to create the
thread. This is what we get when ﬁring a curl  request to this endpoint:
Figure 6.10 : Firing a curl request
As you can see, the class used to create the thread for responding to your re -
quest is the VirtualThread  class. If we  set the spring.thread -
s.virtual.enabled property to false  instead, this is what we get:
Figure 6.1 1: Knowing if your system is using virtual threads or threads
As you can see, by setting the virtual threads property to false , you will
get your curl  calls running over a common Thread  class.
The performance assessment and comparison is beyond the scope of this
book, but there are numerous studies on the internet that compare threads,
virtual threads, and async processing with Webﬂux performance. In general,
there will be a lot of improvement of thread vs virtual thread use, and virtu -
al threads are a lot closer to Webﬂux performance. Still Webﬂux should be
your option of choice when dealing when very high throughput is needed
on your application.
Next, we will see how to write API endpoints with a great structure.
Making your API design a lot better
for clients
Now , let’s jump to another important subject. Suppose we have published
our Rental Property API to the HomeIt website. Take this endpoint URL  as
an example:
https://homeit.com/api/v1/rental-
properties/c2d538fa
Let’s review the anatomy of this address:
https : This is the protocol of the request. In this case, we are dealing
with a secure HTTP  connection, which we will discuss when addressing
API security .
homeit.com : This is what  we call the base URL . It represents the do -
main in which your API is published.
/api : This is the root API directory where all APIs from HomeIt are
published.
v1: This is the version of your API.
rental-properties : This is the name of your API, which corre -
sponds to the name of your domain or resource.
/c2d538fa : This is the ID of your domain object.
rental-properties/c2d538fa : This is what we call a Unique
Resour ce Identiﬁer  (URI). It tells you the exact HTTP  address where
you can ﬁnd this speciﬁc rental property object.
It is important to review these elements because now , we are going to talk
about API maturity levels. In other words, we want to answer the following
question: How do we know our REST  API is well structured and properly
documented? The best answer for that lies in a special model we will learn
about now .
Richardson Maturity Model for
creating/documenting REST APIs
Leonard Richardson is an inﬂuential writer who noticed that some REST
APIs are better than  others in providing an intuitive design and, more im -
portantly , adherence to the original REST  standards proposed by Roy
Fielding. The REST  standard is like an ideal implementation of a service,
and Leonard’ s design provides information about how far a real implemen -
tation is from the state of the art.
In the next few subsections, we are going to review the four levels of matu -
rity, which are: Remote  Procedures (level 0), Resources (level 1), HTTP
Verbs (level 2), and Hypermedia Controls ( level 3).
Exploring remote procedures at level 0
Many HTTP  API designers  will follow the strategy of creating arbitrary
URLs that reﬂect the name of the operation they are with to provide to re -
mote clients. If our Rental Property API was done that way , at level 0 of
maturity , we would have something like the following examples:
POST  https://homeit.com/api/createRentalProperty
POST  https://homeit.com/api/deleteRentalProperty
POST  https://homeit.com/api/updateRentalProperty
POST  https://homeit.com/api/sendRentalProposal
POST  https://homeit.com/api/acceptRentalProposal
As you can see, the URLs all make the operation to be done explicit, wh ich
means clients need to understand and memorize a series of speciﬁc address -
es for each possible operation. This leads to a very unstructured set of URLs
that could lead to totally unexpected designs in the future as the API grows
to support more functions and features. This is confusing for users, who
have no idea how many domains and entities they need to deal with, let
alone what is possible to do with the API.
This is what we consider the level 0 API maturity level. The URLs and the
HTTP  protocol are used without any commitment to the original design
standards and intentions. Verbs are chosen from the developers’  gut feel -
ings. The URLs are truly a horror show and resemble the names of the func -
tions in code.
If you have spent at least a couple of years in the industry , you certainly
will have stumbled on such APIs. If you have designed something like that
(I know I have), you need to step up to the next level.
Creating directories at level 1
At the second level, the API is considered to have entered the realm of
REST . Here, the APIs will consistently use URL  patterns for creating direc -
tories for the objects you are going to manipulate. Those directories will
also allow you to address the objects directly by just appending the object
IDs as the path parameters. Here are some examples:
POST  https://homeit.com/api/rental-properties
GET  https://homeit.com/api/rental-properties/123
POST  https://homeit.com/api/rental-
properties/123/delete
GET  https://homeit.com/api/rental-proposals/456
GET  https://homeit.com/api/rental-proposals
As you can see, in the ﬁrst, second, and third examples, we are able to ad -
dress a single object, the ID of which is 123, to ﬁre dif ferent operations
over it. But this time, we can use dif ferent verbs in the same URL, which
will lead to dif ferent results. As we saw before, this unique address that
refers to the same object instance is called a URI. That means your objects
now have their own unique addresses in an API, and you can ﬁre dif ferent
operations to manipulate that object from that URL.
The root directory of an object is a resource. In these examples, we have
two represented resource types: rental properties and rental proposals.
Every resource type address should be named in plural.
OK, we have now got some consistency in creating speciﬁc URL  addresses
for our resource instances. But in our examples, we can see that there is no
consistency in using the right HTTP  verbs. We can see that there is a POST
request pointing to a /delete  URL, which is nonsense, since  the POST
verb in HTTP  was originally designed to create a new resource. Level 2 ﬁx-
es that.
Using HTTP verbs in level 2
At level 2, we now are consistently using HTTP  verbs and the right re -
sponse codes when handling client requests. That will guarantee that the
original intent of the HTTP  protocol is satisﬁed in your API. Achieving this
level of maturity means that you are providing a highly structured and intu -
itive API for your clients. See the following examples:
POST  https://homeit.com/api/v1/rental-properties
GET  https://homeit.com/api/v1/rental-
properties/123
DELETE https://homeit.com/api/v1/rental-
properties/123
POST  https://homeit.com/api/v2/rental-properties
GET  https://homeit.com/api/v2/rental-
properties/123
DELETE https://homeit.com/api/v2/rental-
properties/123
By versioning your API, you will also guarantee that any changes can be
published with new versions using new URLs. That will make you conﬁ -
dent that you are not breaking the code of the clients that use old versions.
The API users can then start to use more recent versions of the same URIs
as they see ﬁt.
At level 2, as I said before, you are also required to respond to requests with
the right HTTP  response codes. That means answering with 201 when a
POST  request to create a rental property is successful, answering with 400
when required data is not present in the request, or answering with 409
when the input data format is correct but there is some other conﬂict (such
as trying to create a rental property with an ID for a landlord that does not
exist).
The key point of Level 2 is evening out dif ferences, making all resources
behave basically in the same standard way . As we said a couple of chapters
earlier , by understanding the basic operations an object should have, we are
able to design the API and discover new resources that should exist in the
API.
Level 3 – Hypermedia Controls
At this level, your API will not only provide standard operations and re -
sponses using the right HTTP  verbs, but will also provide  responses that in -
form the clients about the available operations for a given object. This
means that once a client performs a GET  request over a speciﬁc resource  in-
stance, they will not only receive the object representation but will also re -
ceive a structure that lists the next possible URIs that clients can use with
new HTTP  requests to perform other operations on that object.
Since this is our ideal level of maturity , let’s see how it works.
Spring Web will allow you to create whatever URLs and URIs you want, so
it is up to you to follow good practices, such as the ones I have just shared
with you. But there is a tool called Spring HA TEOAS that will help you to
create level 3 APIs.
HATEOAS  stands for Hypermedia as the Engine of Application State .
That is a term coined by Roy Fielding, one of  the key designers of the open
HTTP  protocol, which proposes that HTTP  client applications should be
able to guide themselves based on options returned by the HTTP-based ap -
plications. In other words, the idea is that every mature application that uses
HTTP  should return not only the result of the operation requested by the
client but also a list of control options that could enable the application to
expose those actions to the user automatically .
The ultimate result of HA TEOAS – client applications that just know how
to guide themselves based on hypermedia controls – is pretty hard to
achieve since developers will need documentation to ﬁre HTTP  requests to
a service. But it might be very useful for our clients if you make the extra
actions available in the responses.
Differentiating DTOs from descriptors
So, we know that in order to  have level 3 APIs, we need to of fer new URIs
in our HTTP  responses so that the  remote clients  can discover further ac -
tions linked to the objects they are retrieving from our endpoints.
The way we will do this here is through DT O descriptors. A descriptor  is
basically an object wrapped around a DT O. This approach provides a con -
tainer for your DT Os, and that container can also include  the links that rep -
resent actions about the business object we’re retrieving. See the following
diagram:
Figure 6.12: Home IT  HATEOAS implementation example
Now , before looking at the code, let’ s see what our clients will get when re -
trieving the objects with their URIs.
First, when we run the API, we can create an example RentalProperty
using our old v1 POST  method:
Figure 6.13: A POST  request for creating a rental property using curl
This time, we have used the --silent  ﬂag in the curl  command, which
will simplify the request and response. We are also using the jq command
to better format the API response. The jq command can be installed on
Windows, Mac, and Linux. It is open source and can be found here:
https://jqlang.github.io/jq/ .
OK, now we have created our new rental property . This is what we will get
when retrieving a single RentalPropertyDTO  class with hypermedia
controls using Spring HA TEOAS:

Figure 6.14: A GET  request to retrieve a Rental Property
As you can see at the top of the screenshot, we are now using the v2 API
URL. And the  return contains an encapsulated rentalProperty  class,
as well as the URI for that rental property .
Let’s see how we can retrieve a collection of rental properties using Spring
HATEOAS:

Figure 6.15: A GET  request to retrieve a list of properties
As you can see, each rental property comes with its own URI, and the
whole collection comes with the URI for getting  all the rental properties.
This is the kind of result we will learn to implement now , with Spring
HATEOAS.
Let’s now , with the following diagram, quickly look at the classes we used
in our solution, which you can check out in our GitHub repository:
Figure 6.16: HA TEOAS class structure
These are the classes used in this example:
RentalPropertyControllerV2 : Adds two new endpoints for re -
trieving one or a collection of rental properties, with the hypermedia
controls ( URIs) included
RentalProperty  and RentalPropertyDTO : The two classes that
have existed in our system since our V1 controller
RentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils : A helper  bean that will cre -
ate the hypermedia descriptors for us
RentalPropertyDescriptor : Encapsulates a rental property and
includes the URI for that rental property
PropertiesCollectionDescriptor : Encapsulates a collection
of RentalPropertyDescriptor  objects and includes a URI for
getting all properties at once
Alright, with that introduction out of the way , let’s go to our implementa -
tion details.
Adding HATEOAS as a dependency
The ﬁrst thing we should do here is to use HA TEOAS as a Spring depen -
dency . These are the changes we will make to our build.gradle  ﬁle:
dependencies {
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    compileOnly 'org.projectlombok:lombok:1.18.32'
    annotationProcessor 'org.projectlombok:lombok:1.1
    testCompileOnly 'org.projectlombok:lombok:1.18.32
    testAnnotationProcessor 'org.projectlombok:lombok
    testImplementation 'org.springframework.boot:spri
    testRuntimeOnly 'org.junit.platform:junit-platfor
}
The following  observations are important:
Spring HA TEOAS is included as a dependency in the build.gradle
ﬁle. It contains all the tools we need to create a level 3 hypermedia-based
API.
We will also include Lombok as a dependency of the build.gradle
ﬁle so it is easier to write our descriptors. Lombok provides a series of
annotations that simplify a lot of the usual Java verbosity . This depen -
dency must be included in the compile and test p hases of the build
process.
With these new directives in the build.gradle  ﬁle, we can move on to
implementing the actual classes.
Writing RentalPropertyControllerV2 class
The next thing we will see is the new Spring controller class. We will write
it as a new version of the API. This way , the old clients that still work with
v1 will not be af fected, since we are not editing old endpoints.
This is how we declare the new controller class (the entire controller code
can be found in this chapter ’s repository):
@RestController
@RequestMapping("/api/v2/rental-properties")
@Validated
public class RentalPropertyControllerV2 {
    private final RentalPropertyService rentalPropert
    private final RentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils renta
    public RentalPropertyControllerV2(
            RentalPropertyService rentalPropertyServi
            RentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils
                rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils) {
        this.rentalPropertyService = rentalPropertySe
        this.rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils =
            rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils;
    }
    // ... the rest goes here
}
You will recognize most patterns in this class, except for the following:
We are now declaring that this URI will be nested inside the V2 version,
so that we keep the old API with no changes
We now have injected a rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils
Bean, that will help us render the URLs for our level 3 API.
Let’s now look at how we will be retrieving a single rental property that
will come with hypermedia controls (in other words, useful endpoint links
that clients can use to perform actions related to the object we are
retrieving):
@GetMapping(
    value = "/{id}",
    produces = "application/json")
public ResponseEntity<RentalPropertyDescriptor>
    getPropertyById(@PathVariable UUID id) {
    return rentalPropertyService.get(id)
        .map(rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils::
            describeRentalProperty)
        .map(ResponseEntity::ok)
        .orElse(ResponseEntity.status(
            HttpStatus.NOT_FOUND)
                .body(null));
}
Let’s analyze the current code:
We declare that the  method will return
RentalPropertyDescriptor  instead of the old DTO class
We retrieve the usual RentalPropertyDTO  from the
RentalPropertyService
We use the rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils  component to en -
capsulate our RentalPropertyDTO  with a
RentalPropertyDescriber  (we will see how that works in a few
minutes)
Then, we proceed with the current algorithm that will return the found
response, or 404 - NOT_FOUND  if there is no object for the ID we are
looking for
Now , let’s look at the method for retrieving all available rental properties,
but now the entire collection will be encapsulated in a
CollectionDescriptor :
@GetMapping(produces = "application/json")
public ResponseEntity<PropertiesCollectionDescriptor>
    return Optional.ofNullable(
        rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils
            .describeRentalPropertyCollection(
                rentalPropertyService
                    .getAllProperties()))
        .map( describedCollection ->
            ResponseEntity.ok().body(describedCollect
        .orElse(ResponseEntity.noContent().build());
}
You can see the following:
We are using the rentalPropertyService.getAllProper -
ties()  method to bring all the DT Os we have; then, we are using the
rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils  component to encapsulate
the DT O collection in a hypermedia descriptor for the entire collection.
We will see how that is implemented in a few minutes.
We state that the return of the collection descriptor can be null  (in case
no DT Os exist), which means the clients will receive no content in the
payload. When a request has been successful but there is no payload to
be received in the response, it is good practice to set the HTTP  return
code 204.
As you can see, both methods are simple enough in the controller , which
keeps things isolated and easy to  read and understand. Let’ s now look at our
descriptors, so that you know what we are returning when a client ﬁres an
HTTP  request to any of the endpoints.
Writing the rental property hypermedia descriptors
This is how we  implement the RentalPropertyDescriptor  class,
which is a container for the RentalPropertyDTO  class:
@EqualsAndHashCode(callSuper = true)
@Data
public class RentalPropertyDescriptor
        extends RepresentationModel<RentalPropertyDes
    private RentalPropertyDTO rentalProperty;
}
Easy enough, right? Let’ s break down this code (the entire class can be
found in the chapter ’s repository):
The class is tagged with Lombok annotations that reduce our boilerplate
(@EqualsAndHashCode  and @Data ).
@Data  deﬁnes that this class should have getters and setters for all at -
tributes, and Lombok will generate the bytecode automatically during
compilation time.
@EqualsAndHashCode  annotation gives Lombok the directive to
auto-generate both methods – equals()  and hashcode() .
We deﬁne that the descriptor should encapsulate the
RentalPropertyDTO  class, which keeps the DT O isolated from the
relative links.
We deﬁne that the descriptor class extends the
RepresentationModel , which is a Spring HA TEOAS class that
adds support for the hypermedia links. This means our descriptor has a
series of attributes and helper methods to add those links to our
responses.
OK, that was simple and full of info. Let’ s now see how to create a descrip -
tor for RentalPropertyDTO  collection (this class can be seen in the
chapter ’s repository):
@EqualsAndHashCode(callSuper = true)
@Data
public class PropertiesCollectionDescriptor
    extends RepresentationModel<PropertiesCollectionD
    private Collection<RentalPropertyDescriptor> desc
}
This class is very simple as well, with the following highlights:
It is built as an extension of the RepresentationModel  class, which
adds attributes to store the hypermedia links
This class maintains a collection of RentalPropertyDescriptors
because we want to return descriptors for the individual DT Os and a de -
scriptor for the entire collection
That’ s it for our descriptors. Let’ s go to the last piece in this solution.
Writing the RentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils Spring
Bean
We can look now at the main piece of code in our chapter repository , which
we decided to call RentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils . This creates
the responses with the links. Let’ s ﬁrst look at how we declare this class:
@Component
public class RentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils {
    // ... class body
}
The @Component  annotation comes from the core of Spring Framework.
That tells Spring that this class should be treated as a Spring Bean – the
framework will create a singleton of this class and make it available for oth -
er Beans to inject. This is an annotation that you can use for services that
are not business related but still provide some important functionality . In
fact, the @Component  annotation is the root annotation for creating Spring
Beans. The @Controller  and @Service  annotations are two annota -
tions that extend @Component . This is why Spring Framework knows to
create Beans out of  controllers and services as well.
Now , let’s look at how we create RentalPropertyDescriptor :
public RentalPropertyDescriptor describeRentalPropert
        RentalPropertyDTO rentalPropertyDTO) {
    return Stream.of(new RentalPropertyDescriptor())
        .peek( desc ->
            desc.setRentalProperty(rentalPropertyDTO)
        .peek( desc -> desc.add(
            WebMvcLinkBuilder.linkTo(
                RentalPropertyControllerV2.class)
        .slash(rentalPropertyDTO.id()).withSelfRel())
        // add as many links as you want for this ent
        // WebMvcLinkBuilder.linkTo(WebMvcLinkBuilder
        // .methodOn(RentalPropertyControllerV2.class
        //    .getPropertyById(rentalPropertyDTO.id()
        //    .withRel("anotherFunction");
        // WebMvcLinkBuilder.linkTo(
        //    RentalPropertyControllerV2.class)
        //.slash(rentalPropertyDTO.id())
        //   .withRel("anotherFunction"))
        .findFirst().get();
}
Let’s look at some important notes here:
This class receives rentalPropertyDTO  as input and returns its
equivalent descriptor , which basically encapsulates the original DT O.
We are creating a stream so that we can use the functional style, which is
more concise and compact. The peek()  method means we take the pre -
vious object, do some operations with it, and then move to the next func -
tional operation, passing on the same object reference. It is dif ferent
from map() , which will deliver the output object of the current opera -
tion to the next function. peek()  preserves the original object in the
functional pipeline, while map()  uses functions to transform the input
object into a dif ferent output object.
Once we have created a RentalPropertyDescriptor , we add the
rentalPropertyDTO  to it, and then we add the links to the
descriptor .
The add()  method comes from the Spring HA TEOAS
RepresentationModel  class. We inherited it automatically .
WebMvcLinkBuilder  is the key utility class for building the URIs. I
have added some examples here in some comments. It is possible to add
as many URIs as you want to an object. It is up to you how many con -
trols you add to your class.
You can see that the link builder works by ﬁnding the address for the
controller class of your choice and then adding the ID of the rental prop -
erty to create a URI for the rental property we are retrieving.
Alright! You can go back a few pages to review the output and look at the
URIs mapped in the API’ s JSON response if you want. Let’ s keep looking
at our hypermedia util  class. The next method returns the descriptor for a
set of property descriptors:
public PropertiesCollectionDescriptor
    describeRentalPropertyCollection(
        List<RentalPropertyDTO> allProperties) {
    if(allProperties.isEmpty())
        return null;
    List<RentalPropertyDescriptor> parsedProperties =
        parseProperties(allProperties);
    return Stream.of(new PropertiesCollectionDescript
        .peek( cDes ->
            cDes.setDescribedRentalProperties(
                parsedProperties))
        .peek(this::addAllPropertiesLink)
        .findFirst().get();
}
This method is quite interesting. Let’ s review it:
We receive a regular list of rental properties to be encapsulated in
descriptors.
We deﬁne that this method should return null  if the list is empty .
We have a utility method for parsing our list of
RentalPropertyDTOs  to RentalPropertyDescriptors , and
now we have a full list of descriptors, each one with URIs and hyperme -
dia controls.
Now , we create a root descriptor that will encapsulate our list of
RentalPropertyDescriptors . We insert the list of Rental-
PropertyDescriptors  to it and we add the GET /properties
hypermedia link.
Then we return the  ﬁrst result we ﬁnd, which is actually the root collec -
tion descriptor we created before.
The describeRentalPropertyCollection()  method is the most
complex one, as it delegates some calls to other util functions. Let’ s look at
these lasting utility functions now:
private List<RentalPropertyDescriptor>
    parseProperties(
    List<RentalPropertyDTO> allProperties) {
    return allProperties.stream()
        .map(this::describeRentalProperty).toList();
}
public void addAllPropertiesLink(
        PropertiesCollectionDescriptor collectionDesc
    collectionDescriptorDTO.add(
        WebMvcLinkBuilder.linkTo(
            RentalPropertyControllerV2.class)
                .withRel("allProperties")
    );
}
We can see the method to parse rentalPropertyDTOs  to their respec -
tive descriptors. This actually uses the function we have just seen, de-
scribeRentalProperty() . We create a stream()  from the input
list, and for each object, we use map()  to transform the rentalProp -
ertyDTO  element into the RentalPropertyDescription  object.
That line contains special syntax for Java functional programming, which is
beyond the scope of this book.
We have a simple utility method to add the GET /properties  URI to the
RentalPropertyCollectionDescriptor . You can use this
method as a reference to add any link to any of your own descriptors in the
future.
Now , let’s ﬁnally check how the class and package structure was laid out.
This is what we got as a result of the Spring HA TEOAS implementation of
a level 3 REST  API with hypermedia controls:
Figure 6.17: Class and package structure for a level 3 REST  API
As you can see, a lot of work and thought has happened here, just to have
the hypermedia links in  your response objects.
Are level 3 REST APIs worth the effort?
Although HA TEOAS is a useful tool, and the promised land of level 3
REST  APIs creates the vision of objects that will help HTTP  clients to dis -
cover functionality by themselves, the reality is that our API users will still
need thorough documentation to know how to consume our APIs. As such,
HATEOAS is not a bullet-proof strategy for creating great APIs. It can help
our clients in some ways, but maybe it is not as good as people promise.
I have seen a great implementation of hypermedia controls, though. Maybe
there is a special operation that you want your user to know about when
they are getting the response of an HTTP  call. An example is as follows:
when a user is creating a security token that has an expiration time, you
might want to consider adding the hypermedia URI to the response so that
your user can see the token refresh the URL  right there in the response.
Critical operations such as that may be important to implement in your
APIs. But do not bother to spend all your time adding all possible URIs to
your responses. If you do that, your response object will become very con -
fusing to developers.
The best way to make your API usable is to have the best possible docu -
mentation. We will see how to do that in a future chapter , when we are fo -
cusing on getting our services to talk to each other .
Summary
In this chapter , we covered a lot of ground to make your APIs well de -
signed, well tested, and well structured internally , and we also talked about
the Spring conventions to make sure your code is cleaner and more ﬂexible.
These were critical subjects to help you speed up your development process
and lead you to think like a Spring Framework seasoned developer .
We have also learned how to create business interfaces that isolate imple -
mentation details from the deﬁnition of business processes. In the ﬁnal sec -
tions, we dealt with improving your Spring Web API’ s performance, as well
as how to make sure your API adheres to the HTTP  standards. The
Richardson Maturity Model is a great template that you can follow to make
the lives of your API users much easier , and we have also seen how to cre -
ate level 3 APIs by using Spring HA TEOAS.
The last two chapters represent a critical step into microservice thinking
from a business perspective. The next chapters will cover a lot of ground in
the technical details that come from this core software development. We
will now deal with non-functional requirements such as persistence, com -
munication, security , deployment, and everything “techy” using Spring
Framework. See you in the next chapter!
7
Handling Data and Evolving Your
Microservice
Welcome to Chapter 7 ! In this chapter , we will explore several topics re -
garding how to create the data persistence layer of your services. The topics
here will be implemented using a SQL  database, but we will dive into the
architecture, which will help you understand how you should approach data
modeling and persistence for any database type.
We will cover the following topics in this chapter:
Data persistence in applications with Spring
Reactive versus non-reactive data handling
SQL versus NoSQL  data storage
Microservice versus monolithic applications data design
Implementing a non-reactive, SQL  database persistence layer
JpaRepository: your go-to SQL  interface in Spring Data
Working with transactions in Spring Data
Using NamedParameterJdbcTemplate  to run raw SQL queries
The chapter starts with a general explanation of how to take architecture de -
cisions on data modeling and the cost of each kind of approach. Then, we
will move to the implementation, where we will show you the dif ferent lev -
els of database interactions using Spring Data.
This chapter will also give you an understanding of how to evolve your ser -
vice over time as we discuss each topic. You will often work with microser -
vices that need some kind of reengineering. We will show you how to do
that in Spring with the use of multiple implementations for the same service
interfaces. In the end, we want to have a clear separation of concerns be -
tween the business interfaces we need and how we actually implement
those interfaces. This is going to be a wild ride; let’s go!
Technical requirements
Here is the full code for the classes and services we have created in this
chapter: https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -07/rental-property-microservice
Data persistence in applications
with Spring
So far , we have focused on how to enable Spring Web APIs without caring
too much about data persistence. In our RentalProperty API, the service lay -
er implementation is currently just using a simple map  to collect the rental
property objects in run time. Of course, that is not enough to bring about a
whole REST  API. Obviously , objects need to be persisted correctly .
The fact is that adding support to a real database can be a really tiresome
task if you are an application developer . When writing a Spring application,
most developers just want to jump in and start coding, without caring too
much about database infrastructure details. In fact, even choosing the data -
base technology and how to connect to it will vary from company to com -
pany , and from cloud to cloud.
Here are some circumstances that might af fect the  choice of database
technology:
Your company might already have a favorite database instance for your
app to connect to
Big companies might use on-premises appliances, such as Oracle’ s
Exadata server
You could have a managed database in the cloud to connect to, such as
Amazon Aurora
The company might have a database pod deployed in a Kubernetes clus -
ter using something like Postgres, for example
The options for database connections can vary a lot, so we will start by giv -
ing you a very ﬂexible way to start coding your service. To understand what
we are going to do, let’ s recap our universal Spring app anatomy diagram:
Figure 7.1: Spring application anatomy
When we look at this chart, we can see that the Interfaces  and
Implementations  horizontal layers are built apart from each other . If you
look at how they impact the Persistence  vertical layer , this means that
Spring was designed in such a way that you are geared toward writing per-
sistence repository interfaces that are fully separate from the code that spec -
iﬁes the actual databases you will use.
In other words, the same code you will write to manage your data can be
used without any changes with any database instance you like, given that
the database is of the same type (we will work with SQL  databases in this
chapter). You can get a recap of the database types we have by reviewing
Chapter 4 . To change your database instance, just give Spring a few conﬁg -
uration options and some dependencies, and voilà: you can connect to a dif -
ferent database instance and even dif ferent database vendors. Spring will
provide the infrastructure you need to connect to a different database.
Being able to point to different database types at any time by just changing
your conﬁguration ﬁles and dependencies is extremely helpful in the fol-
lowing circumstances:
You are at the very beginning of writing your application, and the dev
team still does not know exactly what database instance to connect to, so
you can start with an in-memory database and be unblocked for doing
the rest of the development.
Your company is migrating to another database architecture, and you
need to reconﬁgure your connection without impacting your implemen -
tation, for example, moving from on-premises to a cloud-managed
database.
You are deploying the same application in dif ferent environments, each
one with a dif ferent database instance to connect to (dev , stg, prod, and
so on). This is useful for running quality assurance processes before go -
ing to production (we will see how that is done in the next chapters).
You are running integration tests and need to provide a test database
without changing your code.
Your company is moving to another database (such as moving from
Oracle to Postgres) and you need to change your conﬁguration and make
very minor changes to your code.
There are other scenarios in which decoupling the data repository imple -
mentation from the database connection comes in handy . In this chapter , we
will connect to in-memory databases so that we can free you from thinking
about infrastructure for now and focus on understanding how data is stored,
changed, and retrieved in a typical Spring application.
In the next section, let’ s talk about how to make your app faster by under -
standing reactive and non-reactive programming.
Reactive versus non-reactive data
handling
Another key factor when thinking about data handling is that we have two
basic options: reactive and non-reactive data handling.
Non-reactive data handling means this: every time your code tries to run a
database query , the current thread will be stalled as it waits for the database
result. A reactive query , on the other hand, will free your current thread as
long as there are no results from the database. Also, if you are streaming
data from the database, you will be able to return objects as they are re -
turned from the database operation.
Let’s talk brieﬂy about both options in this section.
Non-reactive data handling
In non-r eactive data handling , we write data persistence code that will
block a single thread when doing  database I/O operations. As you saw in
the earlier chapters, thread-blocking operations can make your applications
a lot slower when you have too many concurrent client requests. You can
still enable virtual threads on your Spring app so that the application be -
comes a lot faster .
Non-reactive data handling is suitable for Spring Web apps, or for any apps
that you can think of that do not have strict requirements for dealing with an
exceedingly high volume of concurrent requests (in the order of thousands
per second).
Reactive data handling
On the other hand, reactive data handling  code will work without blocking
a thread. Any time your app starts an I/O operation, that code will be put in
waiting mode. When the requested data is available, Spring will run the rest
of the code again in such a way that threads can be shared around thousands
of requests.
In this chapter , we will concentrate on implementing non-reactive data han -
dling. In the future, we will come back to reactive servers; then, we will be
able to look at how dif ferent it is to write very high-performance servers.
Now , let’s talk brieﬂy about the two paradigms for organizing data.
SQL versus NoSQL data storage
Today , every developer with some experience knows that applications can
have a wide variety of databases. We have plenty of ways that we can store
our data. But all types can be separated into two major  categories: SQL  or
NoSQL. Let’ s have see why using either of them would be a good choice.
SQL databases
Structur ed Query Language  (SQL ) databases are data storage mecha -
nisms that help you keep the integrity of your data. They have several
features:
Fixed table column format : Your tables will enforce a regular format
for your data, meaning all rows will have the same number of attributes
(columns) and all attributes will have the same type. This means you
have a very strong guarantee that all your data will be highly
standardized.
Constraints : You can set restrictions on how your data is created in rela -
tion to other data in dif ferent tables. In our HomeIt example, we could
say that a rental property cannot be created unless it has a landlord.
Those restrictions can add a lot of safety to your application.
ACID guarantees : When using a SQL  database, you can make it so that
your transactions can handle a lot of data in dif ferent tables, and the
transaction will be successful only if every single operation inside a
transaction is successful. That means that if one of the operations fails,
every other operation is rolled back to its previous state and the database
is left with full data integrity . Also, concurrent transactions do not af fect
each other . ACID  stands for Atomic  (all operations in a single request
should work as if they were just one), Consistent  (constraints are used to
guarantee data integrity), Isolated  (one transaction cannot be interfered
with by another concurrent transaction), and Durable  (data will keep its
state unless a transaction that changes it is successful).
Using SQL  databases has two remarkably interesting implications. First,
you will not be able to have as much ﬂexibility on how your objects are cre -
ated. Second, every object should have the same attributes and types.
Constraints are processed in the database, which means a data model with
many constraints will be slower than data models with few constraints.
You will most probably want to use SQL  databases when dealing with data
that requires a lot of integrity . The most common application is, of course,
registering ﬁnancial transactions. Also, medical records, compliance re -
quirements, and everything that smells like high-risk data should be a can -
didate for SQL databases.
NoSQL databases
When data integrity among dif ferent tables is not a particularly high-priority
requirement, you can  resort to other kinds of databases. All of them fall in
the category of Non-Structur ed Query Language  (NoSQL ) databases.
These databases will help in various kinds of use cases, depending on how
they are structured. The most famous one is MongoDB, which is a docu -
ment database.
MongoDB can be used to store unstructured data. This means that if your
data is in some way unpredictable and you have high variability in its for -
mat, then MongoDB can be used to store that data successfully . For
HomeIt, we could store rental property data as a NoSQL  document and al -
low landlords to add as many description sections as they want to their reg -
istered rental property . Thousands of dif ferent documents representing dif -
ferent properties would be stored in a single MongoDB collection. Each
section would be a dif ferent ﬁeld of the document so that landlords can get
more creative in their descriptions.
There are other great NoSQL  databases that you can use in your Spring
application:
Cassandra : Implemented as a  wide-column store, optimized for high
availability and scalability , suitable for Internet of Things  (IoT) data,
time-series data, and real-time analytics
Redis : Key-value store  offering fast, in-memory data access, perfect for
caching, session management, real-time analytics, and message
brokering
Neo4j : Graph database designed for handling highly connected data,
useful for social networks, recommendation  engines, and network
analysis
Couchbase : Document store with  integrated caching and full-text search
capabilities, suitable for interactive web and mobile applications
Elasticsear ch: Search engine optimized for full-text search, analytics,
and complex search queries, useful for log and event data analysis
As you can see, there are a lot of use cases for NoSQL  databases. Spring
contains drivers and dependencies  for using all of them.
Other important characteristics of NoSQL  databases are the following:
Because devs usually won’ t put a lot of constraints on NoSQL  data de -
sign, that usually means faster processing times. But you can have al -
most the same ef fect by getting rid of constraints in SQL databases.
If you have a lot of constraints that need to be applied to NoSQL  data,
that means you will have to implement them in your application. That
means you can face a lot of complications if you have concurrent trans -
actions accessing the same documents.
Moving constraints outside the database means a lot more read/write per -
formance for less money , but you are generally giving up the ACID
guarantees. There is always a cost associated with architectural
decisions.
As you can see, using a NoSQL  database should be done with caution. You
need to make sure that you do not need features such as ACID transactions.
NOTE
Since this chapter is mostly about how to manage your data in Spring ap -
plications, I need to acknowledge and warn you that ther e are entir e books
about how to pr operly deal with data. If you want to dive r eally deep into
this subject, I r ecommend the book Designing Data-Intensive Applications:
The Big Ideas Behind Reliable, Scalable, and Maintainable Systems  by
Martin Kleppmann as a gr eat starting point. It will perfectly complement
this chapter , making you a much better data ar chitect.
Now , we need to discuss what level of complexity is required for you to im -
plement data structures and persistence in your application.
Microservices versus monolith
application data design
In the early days of the internet, data design was heavily focused on ensur -
ing data integrity . Since most applications were monolithic, the database
schemas would host all entities and objects from an application in one
place.
This centralized approach was  beneﬁcial because it allowed the use of con -
straints to enforce various business rules ef fectively . Additionally , databases
offered PL/SQL  (Procedural Language extensions), which are essentially
programs within the database for various purposes.
However , in modern times, extensive use of PL/SQL  and lar ge database
schemas are often considered anti-patterns, as dif ferent domains are mixed
in the same code base and database, making them harder to maintain.
With the advent of microservice architectures, the general rule is that each
service should contain its own database. But as all dreams come to an end,
microservice architectures also have their drawbacks. Over time, the limita -
tions of the original microservice recommendations have become apparent.
The primary issue with having a separate database for each microservice is
the complexity that arises when trying to perform transactions that impact
multiple services. For example, in our start-up, HomeIt, when a tenant pays
for an approved rental proposal, the transaction must ensure consistency be -
tween the payment service and the rental proposal service. You do not want
to accept the tenant’ s payment unless the rental proposal has been ﬁnalized,
allowing the tenant to move in.
To ensure a distributed transaction such as this works properly , you need to
design your services so that if one service fails, the state of the other ser -
vices must also be updated accordingly . This example involves only two
services, and the complexity can increase exponentially as you add more
services to the transaction requirements. For instance, if you add a rule stat -
ing that a property should not appear in search results if it is currently rent -
ed, you must coordinate three services in the same transaction.
As you can see, microservice architecture is not without its challenges.
Moving away from lar ge, centralized schemas comes with signiﬁcant costs.
Running the same transaction on a single database is much simpler because
you can ensure that updates to multiple tables occur within a single transac -
tion. The database takes care of the ACID guarantees.
Overall, microservice architectures are here to stay , so you must design
your services with a conscious trade-of f. There are some key decisions that
you will have to make. Let’ s see them in this section.
Data complexity and granularity level
When you are designing a service entity , such as our RentalProperty object,
you will need to assess how much of a complex object you want. Do you
want RentalProperty  to just be a ﬂat Java object with as few attributes
as possible, or do you want to inﬂate it, with a lot of nested objects?
If you go for a more complete and more complex object with a lot of nested
objects inside, your API will return a lot of data in a single call, which
makes the object heavier to move around the network. Also, update opera -
tions might take longer because you might be changing a lot of nested data,
which will potentially trigger a lot of foreign key constraints. The memory
footprint of your microservices will also need to be bigger , especially if
your application should be able to deal with a big list of objects.
It is not rare to ﬁnd APIs that will allow a developer to retrieve a list of hun -
dreds of very inﬂated objects, with lots of nested objects in each one of
them (think about fetching a list of landlords with all their rental properties
as attributes of the landlord). These operations are very expensive for your
service’ s RAM, the network, and the database. You should use them with
caution.
On the other hand, having thin objects on your endpoints could mean you
need to fetch data multiple times from dif ferent services, putting a burden
on the network with multiple requests. Imagine  you need to fetch a list of
landlords from one service, then fetch a list of their rental properties from
another microservice. That could become intolerable, depending on how it
is used on your application.
Let’s look at another key driver of your decision.
Organizing databases
Another important decision is on how to or ganize your databases. Of
course, if you have a lot of dif ferent database types, you can only store in -
formation in dif ferent instances. Suppose you have a NoSQL  database for
storing property attributes and maybe a SQL  database for storing  user info,
and maybe a graph database for storing the connections between users and
contracts... that means you can only host data in different places.
But if you are using just a single database type – let’ s say Postgres – you
may be able to store schemas for dif ferent services in the same database in -
stance. It would be possible to isolate each microservice in a dif ferent
schema, which can become an advantage since you just have one instance
to do backups and maintenance, but it can become a burden as well since all
microservice instances would put a pressure in the same database instance.
It is up to you and the architecture team to decide how to or ganize databas -
es. The decision should take into account both functional and non-function -
al requirements. That means going back to the ﬁrst chapters to understand
things such as the following:
Which users should be able to access this data, and when they are doing
it?
How many times will an operation be used every day?
Can the user take a long time to wait for the result, or should the applica -
tion return the result in a very low latency time?
How many users will be accessing the same service at the same time?
Investigating how the application is being used, both from a product per -
spective and also from a frequency and situational perspective, is key to do -
ing your best design.
This is a key question I like to ask the teams I am working with, whenever
we have trade-of fs such as these: what pr oblems do we want to have?
Because problems will happen. As soon as you make an architectural deci -
sion, you will eventually face the burden of that choice. This means that if a
system can fail, it will surely fail, eventually .
We will talk a bit more about performance, resilience, and resource con -
straints in future chapters. For now , without  further ado, let’ s jump to cod -
ing our rental service with various kinds of data handling strategies that
Spring makes available to us developers.
Implementing non-reactive SQL
database persistence
SQL databases are, still to this day , the most important storage type for any
kind of API. Since non-reactive implementations  are so commonly used
across the industry , let’s start with this option to help you understand the
various ways to implement persistence layers in Spring.
The Spring project that provides excellent features for whatever data archi -
tecture you would like to implement is Spring Data. Let’ s see how it works
for non-reactive, SQL  database persistence.
Adding support to a dev database
This chapter code  will also be done on top of the RentalProperty Spring ap -
plication. The full code can be found at
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -07.
Because we are interested in enabling our application as fast as we can for
coding our data persistence repositories, we will enable in-memory databas -
es as a starting point for our development. The ﬁrst step is to add the right
dependencies. You can add this code to the build.gradle  ﬁle, in the
dependencies  section:
implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-
// in memory database, for testing only
implementation 'com.h2database:h2'
With these lines, you will have all the dependencies you will need.
Now that we have the right dependencies, let’ s conﬁgure our in-memory
database. You will have to set some properties on your rental property ap -
plication. This is a handy method through which you can set up all the prop -
erties you need to run your persistence layer:
private static void databaseProperties
    (SpringApplication app) {
    // # H2 Database configuration in PostgreSQL mode
    app.setDefaultProperties(
       Map.of(
       "spring.datasource.url",
    "jdbc:h2:mem:testdb;DB_CLOSE_DELAY=-1;MODE=Postgr
       "spring.datasource.driverClassName",
          "org.h2.Driver",
       "spring.datasource.username",
          "sampleuser",
       "spring.datasource.password",
          "samplepass",
       "spring.jpa.database-platform",
          "org.hibernate.dialect.H2Dialect",
       "spring.h2.console.enabled",
          "true",
       "spring.h2.console.path",
          "/h2-console",
       "spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto",
          "create",
       "spring.jpa.show-sql",
          "true"));
}
Spring allows you to set up all kinds of database connections with similar
properties. In our case, we are signaling that this should be an in-memory
database with support for Postgres syntax. This method should be called in
your main  class like this:
public static void main(String[] args) {
    SpringApplication app =
        new SpringApplication(
            RentalPropertyApplication.class);
    virtualThreads(app);
    databaseProperties(app);
    app.run(args);
}
Notice that I also extracted the virtualThreads  method in order to add
support for virtual threads.
After you add these directives to your application, your app will not only
have access to an in-memory database, but you will also have access to a
full SQL  terminal when running your app. That is what the
spring.h2.console.enabled  property is about. In that way , you
will be able to connect to the in-memory H2 database and run whatever
SQL queries you want. That makes it easier to check the state of your per -
sistence layer . H2 is a very lightweight, open source database written in
Java. It is very useful for quickly adding SQL  capabilities to your app, espe -
cially during prototyping.
When starting your Spring app, you should see this line in the console log:
o.s.b.a.h2.H2ConsoleAutoConfiguration    : H2 console
That means you will be able to connect to your in-memory SQL  dev data -
base instance by visiting this URL  in your browser:
http://localhost:8080/h2-console .
When visiting this  URL, you will see the following page:
Figure 7.2: H2 database SQL  login screen
As you can see from the log message, you will be able to connect to this
database when you change JDBC URL  to jdbc:h2:mem:testdb .
Then, add sampleuser  to the User  Name  ﬁeld and samplepass  to the
Password  ﬁeld. Once you have set those ﬁelds and clicked on Connect ,
this is what you will see:
Figure 7.3: H2 SQL  console
This is a full-ﬂedged SQL  console, connected to our in-memory H2 data -
base instance provided by Spring Data, which aids with development and
fast prototyping. But we do not have any application  tables since there is no
code written on your persistence layer .
Two other interesting properties that we have set on our application proper -
ties are spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto  and spring.j -
pa.show-sql . The way we set the values of those properties tells Spring
to create the database schema if it has not been created already , and to show
the SQL  commands executed in the console output when starting the appli -
cation. It will be possible to see that output after declaring our entities in
code.
We will connect to our database instance again in a few moments. Let’ s ﬁrst
add some more code to our server .
Defining entities to be persisted
Spring Data of fers a variety of ways for you to program your database ac -
cess and data handling. We will look at the most important ones and why
we should use each. But before choosing what tool to use in order to save or
retrieve data from your tables, you will need to deﬁne the objects to be per -
sisted. This is the most important part of any Spring API persistence layer
implementation. Those objects are called entities .
An entity  is the actual  representation of your domain object in the database.
Usually , an entity will represent a row in one of your tables (or
collections/documents if you are dealing with NoSQL  databases).
For this chapter , as you already know , we will delve into several ways to
implement the persistence layer for the RentalProperties service. In our ex -
ample, we will have a one-to-one mapping from our
RentalPropertyDTO  class to a RentalPropertyEntity  class.
This means that whenever we are calling one of our API endpoints, we just
want to translate DT Os to entities as simply as we can so you can under -
stand how persistence layers work in Spring Data.
Let’s start. The following code is an example of how to implement the
RentalPropertyEntity  class. This is how we declare the class:
@Entity
@Table(name = "rental_properties")
@Data
public class RentalProperty {
    @Id
    @Column(updatable = false, nullable = false)
    private UUID id;
    @NotNull(message = "Landlord id is required")
    @Column(nullable = false)
    private UUID landlordID;
    @NotEmpty(message = "Name is required")
    @Column(nullable = false)
    private String name;
    @NotEmpty(message = "Address is required")
    @Column(nullable = false)
    private String address;
    @NotEmpty(message = "City is required")
    @Column(nullable = false)
    private String city;
    @NotEmpty(message = "Country is required")
    @Column(nullable = false)
    private String country;
    @NotEmpty(message = "Zip code is required")
    @Column(nullable = false)
    private String zipCode;
    @NotNull(message = "Rent is required")
    @Column(nullable = false)
    private Double rent;
    @PrePersist
    protected void onCreate() {
        if (id == null) {
            id = UUID.randomUUID();
        }
    }
}
The following observations are important here:
The @Entity  annotation tells Spring that this class is going to be used
as a representation of a table row .
The @Table  annotation helps you name your table. You can set any
names you see ﬁt. If you miss this annotation, Spring will use the name
of your entity as the name of the corresponding table in the database. It
is also possible to specify the schema in which the table resides. But H2
does not support that, so we will implement our rental property persis -
tence layer in the default schema.
The @Data  annotation comes from Lombok. That prevents us from hav -
ing to write getter and setter methods for each entity attribute.
The @Id annotation deﬁnes the id attribute as the primary key in our
table.
Notice that we are using a series of Spring Validation annotations, such
as @NotEmpty  and @NotNull  to make sure our entity objects will fol -
low these directives.
There is a speciﬁc Spring Data @Column  annotation used to ensure our
database columns restrictions are respected. With this annotation, it is
also possible to conﬁgure the name of the column in the database by us -
ing the name  attribute. Whatever value you add to that will make Spring
Data match the name you have chosen with the column name in the data -
base. That is useful in order to follow the column name conventions in
your company . If you do not use it, Spring Data will consider the column
name to be the same as your entity attribute.
Another key thing in this code is the use of the @PrePersist  annota -
tion. It ensures the  method is called before Spring Data saves the entity .
In this case, we are guaranteeing that the entity will be given a new ran -
dom UUID, in case it is a new one. This is a simple way to create a gen -
erator without having to inject more dependencies into this project.
This is where I have added this entity to the project:
Figure 7.4: RentalProperty entity
Now that we have declared this entity inside our project, if we re-run the
Spring application, new logs will appear , demonstrating that Spring Data is
capable of creating the database columns that match your entities. This is
the output we get:
Hibernate: drop table if exists rental_properties cas
Hibernate: create table rental_properties (rent float
As you can see, in this development setup, Spring will always recreate all
the tables in our H2 in-memory database. It makes a very fast and valuable
local development environment. But, later , when you are connecting to a re -
mote database instance, you will probably want to use a dif ferent property
value for spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto , which is validate .
The validate  directive tells Spring to check whether the tables exist and
whether the columns are of the same type as the ones you have declared on
your entity classes. It makes it very useful for making sure your application
is compatible with the database instance you are using.
Now that we know how to declare an entity , let’s start writing the code that
will persist or retrieve the rows  of your database tables. There are dif ferent
ways to do this, which we will explore now .
The following annotations are also useful for representing data in your
columns:
@Lob : Speciﬁes that a persistent property should be stored as a large
object
@Enumerated : Speciﬁes that a persistent property should be stored as
an enum
@Temporal : Speciﬁes the date/time precision for persistent properties
@Transient : Marks a ﬁeld to be ignored by JP A and not persisted in
the database
Next, we will talk a bit about creating relationships between different
entities.
Declaring relationships between entities
These are useful entity annotations if you want to declare relationships be -
tween entities in code. I would not advise you to declare classes with these
annotations unless you want to make the entity constraints explicit on your
API, which is not always advisable:
@OneToOne : Deﬁnes a one-to-one relationship between two entities
@OneToMany : Deﬁnes a one-to-many relationship between two entities
@ManyToOne : Deﬁnes a many-to-one relationship between two entities
@ManyToMany : Deﬁnes a many-to-many relationship between two
entities
@JoinColumn : Speciﬁes the foreign key column for associations
@JoinTable : Deﬁnes a join table for many-to-many relationships
These annotations are a part of the javax.persistence  package in the
Java Persistence API. You can see clear examples of each annotation in the
javax.persistence  javadocs:
https://docs.oracle.com/javaee%2F6%2Fapi%2F%2F/index.html?
javax/persistence/JoinColumn.html .
Using these annotations makes your application a lot more complicated to
write and a lot more complex to maintain due to the fact that several dif fer-
ent tables are involved in the declarations. Also, your code will not be very
easy to read.
Since the pure microservices approach requires the existence of simple
APIs to express very simple domain objects, you should not have a lot of
entities declared on your microservices, and you also should not have a lot
of relationships declared in code. Whenever you need another entity refer -
ence in one of your entities, just add the UUID id attribute there and make
sure your services know how to validate that information. The simpler you
get, the faster you can deﬁne your APIs and move things to production.
The heavy use of these relationship annotations reveals that your applica -
tion is becoming a monolith, with a lot of relationships inside a single ser -
vice, which becomes an anti-pattern. Make sure your services are as simple
as possible. IDs are all you will usually need to make sure you can retrieve
objects from other systems.
An interesting fact: if your product team adds a lot of features and you ﬁnd
yourself adding a lot of new entities or columns to your database every time
you need to release something new , that is probably time for you to jump
one abstraction level up and do some refactoring. These are some ideas for
you to think about:
Is it time for you to spin a microservices out from your current one?
Is it time for you to create a higher abstraction domain object that is ca -
pable of storing data for all those use cases without requiring you to
change your database that much?
As an example, suppose you are working on a company with a system that
has a car service and the product team starts to come up with requirements
for supporting other kinds of vehicles, and you are forcing your car ser-
vice to support those use cases as well, and new attributes are added to the
service. You will face a lot of constraints during development time. Maybe
it is time for you and your team to do either of the following:
Spin of f a more general vehicle  service that is capable of hosting cars
and whatever vehicles you have so that your database now has more gen -
eral tables and column names
Create other services for dealing with the other vehicle types
Those two ideas are in line with the idea that you should future-proof your
architecture once you fully understand the 5-year roadmap that the product
team wants to deliver .
Writing aggregated objects as JSON in your columns
If you need nested objects in your entities but you do not feel they deserve
their own tables, you can write them as JSON objects in a single column of
your table. This is how you should deﬁne an entity attribute if you want to
send this attribute to your database as JSON in a single column:
@Lob
@Convert(converter = JsonAttributeConverter.class) @C
private Address address;
This states that an attribute called address  will exist as a child object of
our entity . But any time we need to write that object to our table or read it
from our table, Spring Data will call the converter class and read/write the
converted value to the attribute’ s column.
This is how we write a converter class that takes the Address  class, serial -
izes it to JSON, and stores it in a column. Then, the converter class can
parse the JSON back to an Address  class when we ask Spring Data to
read that class from the table. This is an example of the Address  object
we have just mentioned:
public record Address (
    String streetAddress,
    String city,
    String zip,
    String country
){}
As you can see, we are using the record  type since this is a simple class
for holding data.
As you can see in the code, the Address  record is an object that aggre -
gates address data. We will need an AddressConverter  class that helps
Spring Data to read/write this object to the database. This is how it works:
@Converter
public class AddressConverter
   implements AttributeConverter<Address, String> {
    private final ObjectMapper objectMapper =
       new ObjectMapper();
    @Override
    public String convertToDatabaseColumn(Address add
        try {
            return objectMapper
                .writeValueAsString(address);
        } catch (JsonProcessingException e) {
            throw new IllegalArgumentException
                ("Error converting Address to JSON st
                 e);
        }
    }
@Override
    public Address convertToEntityAttribute(String db
        try {
            return objectMapper
                .readValue(dbData, Address.class);
        } catch (IOException e) {
            throw new IllegalArgumentException
                ("Error converting JSON string to Add
                 e);
        }
    }
}
The Address  class will then help us to simplify our RentalProperty
class:
@Entity
@Table(name = "rental_properties")
@Data
public class RentalProperty {
    @Id
    @Column(updatable = false, nullable = false)
    private UUID id;
    @NotNull(message = "Landlord id is required")
    @Column(nullable = false)
    private UUID landlordID;
    @NotEmpty(message = "Name is required")
    @Column(nullable = false)
    private String name;
    @Lob
    @Convert(converter = AddressConverter.class)
    @Column(columnDefinition = "TEXT")
    private Address address;
    @NotNull(message = "Rent is required")
    @Column(nullable = false)
    private Double rent;
    @PrePersist
    protected void onCreate() {
        if (id == null) {
            id = UUID.randomUUID();
        }
    }
}
When we add Address  as a child object of the RentalProperty  class,
we can remove other primitive attributes that might even make the original
entity a bit dirtier . Now , we have isolated the address data in a single col -
umn by making it JSON when saving that data to the RentalProperty
table.
Notice that, in this last example, we could have tweaked the Address
columnDefinition  value to jsonb  instead of TEXT . There is a good
reason for this, as we will see in the next sections.
Other entity lifecycle annotations
Here are other interesting annotations that you can use to trigger methods
during your entity’ s lifecycle. These are important, especially if you have
business rules or security systems that should be called if your  entities are
passing from one stage to the next, or even if you want to troubleshoot your
system with some extra logs:
@PrePersist : Invoked before an entity is persisted (inserted into the
database) for the ﬁrst time
@PostPersist : Invoked after an entity has been persisted (inserted
into the database)
@PreUpdate : Invoked before an entity is updated in the database
@PostUpdate : Invoked after an entity has been updated in the
database
@PreRemove : Invoked before an entity is removed (deleted from the
database)
@PostRemove : Invoked after an entity has been removed (deleted
from the database)
@PostLoad : Invoked after an entity has been loaded from the data-
base.Jsonb  type columns
Postgres is a very interesting database. Although it is traditionally a full-
ﬂedged SQL  database, it has many great features. One of them is the capac -
ity to support JSON objects as a primitive type in a table column. That al -
lows Postgres to provide special JSON queries, which can make a big dif -
ference to your data modeling ef forts.
In this last example, setting the Address  ﬁeld as a jsonb  column in your
table allows you to run queries as if your Address  ﬁeld was a document.
In fact, whatever JSON object you store in that Address  column, you will
be able to do special JSON searches in that object. You can add as many
new attributes as possible to that object. No problemo. The column will
know how to store it if you update your converter class.
The most relevant SQL  databases support similar features. Oracle, SQL
Server , and MySQL  all provide ways for you to store JSON data and query
for that data as if that column was a NoSQL  document.
Storing child objects as JSON in your entities can greatly reduce the
amount of boilerplate code and tables in your application. The decision
point is: if the child object can only be accessed from the parent entity , it is
then a good candidate for being stored as a JSON column in its parent entity
table. This can af fect your SQL  database choice. Now you have a clean way
to make your entities a lot more ﬂexible in your database without making it
hard on your SQL  scripts, or without needing to write a lot of dif ferent ta -
bles to store new data.
If you re-run your Spring application with that special JSON twist, this is
the SQL  output you get when Spring is creating the table:
Hibernate: drop table if exists rental_properties cas
Hibernate: create table rental_properties (rent float
As you can see, the address  attribute is now being declared as a jsonb
column, even in the H2 in-memory database. How awesome is that for al -
lowing you to do fast prototyping?
There is just one problem with this approach right now: while using H2
databases, we cannot use the special native JSON search queries. So, we
will just use the text type for now . Bear in mind  that you can move to spe -
cial column types when connecting to your real databases.
There is a lot to think about when you model your entities. Let’ s now go to
the code that allows us to retrieve and store those entities.
ORM versus raw SQL in Spring Data
When it comes to writing code to interact with databases, Spring of fers two
extremes: you can either have ﬁne-grained control over the exact SQL  state -
ments being executed for accessing and storing your data or you can let the
framework determine the appropriate SQL  statements to execute.
The framework that allows Spring to map classes to database queries is
called object-r elational mapping  (ORM ). This means that certain pack -
ages in Spring can inspect your entity classes and decide how to query them
in the conﬁgured database. This is also how Spring Data can automatically
create your tables if conﬁgured to do so.
You might have noticed the word Hibernate  in the SQL  logs. Hibernate is a
special package included in Spring Data as  a transient dependency . It imple -
ments a Java speciﬁcation called JP A that was designed as a standard for
mapping objects to relational databases through a single interface.
Hibernate is an implementation of ORM and can be used to query and store
data in our in-memory H2 database.
In the following sections, we will explore various methods to handle data
from the entity we have deﬁned. These methods will cover both extremes:
manipulating raw SQL  queries in Spring Data and using user -friendly
Spring Data interfaces that simplify querying and storing data.
Generally , there is a principle to guide your decisions when implementing
data access: the easier it is to fetch and store data in Spring Data, the higher
the computational cost. This means that if you prioritize speed and high per -
formance, you should opt for raw SQL  implementations. If speed is not a
major concern, then using the clean and easy-to-use APIs will sufﬁce.
As a rule of thumb, I advise starting with the easiest approach. If you need
to ﬁne-tune your application, you can then add implementations that lever -
age raw SQL queries.
OK. We will start with  the easiest repositories to use ﬁrst (ORM oriented)
and then move to the high-performance ones.
JpaRepository – your go-to SQL
interface in Spring Data
In the next sections, we will dive into the most important and easy-to-use
SQL interfaces in Spring. We will explore their strengths and weaknesses
and implement most of our rental property service.
Using JpaRepository as an ORM-enabled
repository
The easiest way by far to retrieve and save data from your database SQL  ta-
bles is by extending the JpaRepository  interface in Spring. You do not
need to even write any methods if you do not want to. That is the power of
Spring Data.
Take a look at this example:
public interface RentalPropertyJpaRepository
   extends JpaRepository<RentalProperty, UUID> {
}
This interface does a lot. Let’ s see how it works by creating a new imple -
mentation for our RentalPropertyService  interface. If you remem -
ber, our ﬁrst implementation class, RentalPropertyServiceImpl ,
was coded using a simple internal HashMap , which worked as a very rudi -
mentary persistence layer .
Let’s now create a class called RentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl ,
which now injects the repository we have just created. The class declaration
goes as follows:
@Service
public class RentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl implements 
    private RentalPropertyJpaRepository jpaRepository
    public RentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl
        (RentalPropertyJpaRepository jpaRepository) {
        this.jpaRepository = jpaRepository;
    }
    // ... RentalPropertyService method implementatio
    // goes here
}
Interesting, right? The class should be tagged with the @Service  annota -
tion, which tells Spring to inject this impl  class as a Spring Bean whenever
another Spring Bean tries to inject the RentalPropertyService
interface.
Wait, we have already written the ﬁrst RentalPropertyServiceImpl
class. Now Spring will have two options to choose from, and my
RentalPropertyController  class will receive just one of them.
How does Spring know which implementation class to inject in the
RentalPropertyController  class?
Well... it does not know . You must tell Spring which implementation class
to inject. Before doing this, let’ s implement the rest of the
RentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl  class so that you understand how
to use JpaRepository .
Take a look at the method signatures that we need to fully implement from
the RentalPropertyService  interface:
public interface RentalPropertyService {
List<RentalPropertyDTO> getAllProperties();
Optional<RentalPropertyDTO> get(UUID id);
RentalPropertyDTO create(RentalPropertyDTO property);
Optional<RentalPropertyDTO>
    update(UUID id, RentalPropertyDTO updatedProperty
Optional<RentalPropertyDTO>
    updateSomeFields(UUID id,
    RentalPropertyDTO partialUpdate);
Optional<RentalPropertyDTO> delete(UUID id);
List<RentalPropertyDTO> search(String name,
   String address, String city,
   String country, String zipCode);
}
As you can see, all these  methods of the RentalPropertyService
class are returning or receiving the RentalPropertyDTO  class. But the
repository will work with the RentalProperty  class we have just creat -
ed, which received the @Entity  annotation.
Using Lombok to translate DTO to entity
classes and vice versa
As we saw in our universal Spring implementation diagram ( Figur e 7.1),
the Persistence  vertical layer works with entity classes, while the Remote
Access  layer works with Data Transfer  Object (DTO) classes. That means
all service classes should translate entities to DT Os when retrieving  infor -
mation from the database and translate DT Os to entity classes when saving
data to our database.
Because of that, we need to prepare at least two utility methods. There are
other ways to map from DT Os to entities and vice versa, but I like not hav -
ing to include another dependency in our project. Having more dependen -
cies means that your service could face vulnerabilities and become obsolete
faster .
By using the Lombok dependency , it is possible to reduce a bit of the code
needed to build those translators. First, let’ s add the @Builder  annotation
to RentalPropertyDTO  class, the RentalProperty  entity class, and
the Address  class since it is a child attribute of the RentalProperty
entity class. This is how the RentalProperty  entity class will be
annotated:
@Entity
@Table(name = "rental_properties")
@Data
@Builder // This is our lombok Builder annotation
@NoArgsConstructor
@AllArgsConstructor
public class RentalProperty { ... }
And because of the @Builder  annotation and the JpaRepository  we
will use, we also need to include a default constructor and an all-ar guments
constructor . This is why we added @NoArgsConstructor  and @All-
ArgsConstructor  to the class as well.
And this is how the Address  class will be declared. Just add the
@Builder  annotation to the record class:
@Builder
public record Address ( /* our attributes are here*/ 
Finally , let’s add the same @Builder  annotation to our
RentalPropertyDTO  record class:
@Builder
public record RentalPropertyDTO( ... ){}
With those two classes tagged with @Builder , let’s now create a
RentalPropertyUtil  class  to convert from one class to another . We
will go in a very simple way , by declaring a
RentalPropertyConverter  class with two methods. The ﬁrst one
will convert a DT O object to an entity object:
public static RentalProperty toEntity(RentalPropertyD
    return RentalProperty.builder()
        .rent(dto.rent())
        .id(dto.id())
        .name(dto.name())
        .landlordID(dto.landlordID())
        .address(Address.builder()
            .zip(dto.zipCode())
            .city(dto.city())
            .streetAddress(dto.address())
            .country(dto.country())
            .build())
        .build();
}
The second one will convert an entity object to a DTO object:
public static RentalPropertyDTO toDTO(RentalProperty 
    return RentalPropertyDTO.builder()
        .address(entity.getAddress().streetAddress())
        .name(entity.getName())
        .rent(entity.getRent())
        .city(entity.getAddress().city())
        .landlordID(entity.getLandlordID())
        .id(entity.getId())
        .country(entity.getAddress().country())
        .zipCode(entity.getAddress().zip())
        .build();
}
As you can see, both static  methods can be freely imported into any
RentalPropertyService  implementation class. Let’ s use it in our
RentalPRopertyServiceJpaImpl  class.
This is how we return a rental property from an ID:
@Override
public Optional<RentalPropertyDTO> get(UUID id) {
    return jpaRepository.findById(id)
        .map(RentalPropertyConverter::toDTO);
}
This is how we create a property:
@Override
public RentalPropertyDTO create(RentalPropertyDTO pro
    return RentalPropertyConverter.toDTO(
        jpaRepository.save(
            RentalPropertyConverter.toEntity(property
}
You can see how the full RentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl  is creat -
ed by visiting the class in the book’ s GitHub repository
(https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/blob/main/chapter -07/rental-property-
microservice/src/main/java/com/homeit/rental/property/service/RentalProp -
ertyServiceJpaImpl.java ).
As you can see, all these methods in our
RentalPropertyJpaRepository  class come for free. These and  sev-
eral other resources are available for you when using JpaRepository .
JpaRepository class hierarchy made
simple
JpaRepository  is a powerful interface because it extends some other
important Spring Data repositories. Here is the inheritance hierarchy:
Figure 7.5: JpaRepository class hierarchy
These three interfaces are so rich. Here is a list of the methods you get
when using JpaRepository . The following  ones belong to the
CrudRepository  interface:
save(T entity) : Save an entity
saveAll(Iterable<T> entities) : Save multiple entities
findById(ID id) : Find an entity by its ID
existsById(ID id) : Check whether an entity exists by its ID
findAll() : Find all entities
findAllById(Iterable<ID> ids) : Find all entities by their IDs
count() : Count all entities
deleteById(ID id) : Delete an entity by its ID
delete(T entity) : Delete an entity
deleteAll(Iterable<? extends T> entities) : Delete
multiple entities
deleteAll() : Delete all entities
You get some very useful methods from the
PagingAndSortingRepository  interface. These are methods that
help you to retrieve subsets of your data – for example, when trying to  list
all resources from your endpoint (in other words, when ﬁring a GET  HTTP
request to the /rental-properties  URI).
If you have to retrieve thousands of objects from your database, you should
use these methods from your JpaRepository  services when listing all
resources. Otherwise, you will risk using all of your microservice’ s avail -
able memory , which can crash your service, due to the excessive amount of
objects. Here are the methods I am talking about (we will look at an exam -
ple of how to use them in a few moments:
findAll(Sort sort) : Find all entities with sorting
findAll(Pageable pageable) : Find all entities with pagination
The methods we will see next are useful if you want to operate on lots of
objects at once:
saveAndFlush(T entity) : Save an object and immediately com -
mit the change to a database.
SaveAllAndFlush(Iterable<T> entities) : Same as before,
but sends all entities before commiting the data to your database.
DeleteAllInBatch(...) : Delete all objects by ﬁring delete re -
quests with lots of IDs at once. This makes the deletion of lots of objects
much faster since they run in a single operation in the database.
findAll(Example<S> example) : Find objects in the database by
looking at a sample object. All objects that match the non-null example’ s
attributes will be returned.
But what if we want to  create very speciﬁc queries with special conditions?
In the next section, we will learn how to create that by declaring new meth -
ods to your JpaRepository interface extension.
Customizing database queries using
JpaRepository
Another interesting thing you can do with JpaRepository  is add meth -
ods on your JP A interface extension for creating custom SQL  queries. These
methods are written using a special syntax that Spring knows how to ﬁnd in
execution time and will provide the proper implementation for you.
Here are some examples I have added to our
RentalPropertyJpaRepository  interface so that you can under -
stand how it works:
public interface RentalPropertyJpaRepository
    extends JpaRepository<RentalProperty, UUID> {
    // Find all properties by landlord ID
    List<RentalProperty> findByLandlordID(
        UUID landlordID);
    // Find properties by rent less than a specified 
    List<RentalProperty> findByRentLessThan(
        Double maxRent);
    // Find properties by landlord ID, city, and rent
    List<RentalProperty> findByLandlordIDAndAddress_C
        UUID landlordID, String city,
        Double minRent, Double maxRent);
}
As you can see, there are a lot of possibilities. Even the Address  object
attributes can be used to create your custom queries on top of the
JpaRepository . That opens a lot of choices for you to make the best out
of using your Spring JpaRepository  interface.
Here is a quick fact: the best IDEs, such as IntelliJ, will help you to write
those custom queries by providing code completion tools. When I am writ-
ing a new custom method in my RentalPropertyJpaRepository ,
this is what I see in IntelliJ as I type:
Figure 7.6: IntelliJ JpaRepository code completion feature
This makes writing new custom queries a breeze.
Using JPQL to create custom queries
These are some other examples of custom queries you can create on top of
Spring JpaRepository by using the @Query  annotation, which gives you
access to the JPQL  declarative language:
// Custom query to find properties by rent range
@Query("SELECT rp FROM RentalProperty rp WHERE rp.ren
List<RentalProperty> findByRentRange(@Param("minRent"
// Custom query to find properties by name
// and sort by rent ascending
@Query("SELECT rp FROM RentalProperty rp WHERE rp.nam
List<RentalProperty> findByNameAndSortByRent(@Param("
As you can see, Spring supports a declarative language that is similar to
SQL but deals with objects directly . You can use it if you feel that creating a
clearer SQL-type syntax is your way of doing things. I won’ t spend a lot of
time discussing JPQL  due to space constraints. This subject deserves a lot
of chapters to  be covered comprehensively . If you want to go deep into this
subject, start with the ofﬁcial documentation:
https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E29542_01/apirefs.1 111/e13946/ejb3_langre -
f.html .
A NOTE ABOUT THE PERFORMANCE AND SCOPE OF YOUR
MICROSERVICES
When using custom queries in Spring Data JP A, remember that they ar e not
infallible. Complex queries can challenge your database, especially if they
involve lar ge tables with non-indexed columns, r esulting in long query exe -
cution times. It is crucial to consider how your database is structur ed, in -
cluding its size, indexes, column types, necessary operations, and r elation -
ships between tables.
For example, if your RentalProperty  entity has a r elationship with the
Landlord  entity (using the @ManyToOne  annotation), you could cr eate
a custom query that performs a join operation between the
RentalProperty  and Landlord  tables. However , such r elationships
can complicate your micr oservices ar chitectur e. It might be undesirable for
a RentalProperties  micr oservice to have access to all landlor d data.
If Landlord  is stor ed together with other users in the system, giving the
RentalProperties  micr oservice access to the entir e user set can lead
to unnecessary exposur e of data.
It’s essential to avoid over complicating your data model with these fea -
tures. Just because Spring Data JP A makes it easy to cr eate custom queries
doesn’ t mean you should always use them. The key is two-fold: avoid the
temptation and understand the non-functional and  functional r equir ements
of your application. Analyze how your data is or ganized, determine the best
ﬂow for the user experience, and tune your database to handle low-perfor -
mance queries more efﬁciently .
Understanding other limitations of
JpaRepository
Please also note that in the RentalServiceJpaImpl  class, we do not
support searches since this interface is not optimal for creating search
queries. This is the implementation of the search method. We are basically
throwing an UnsupportedOperationException :
@Override
public List<RentalPropertyDTO> search(
        String name, String address,
       String city, String country, String zipCode) {
    throw new UnsupportedOperationException(
        "This service implementation does not support
        " Please, use another service implementation 
}
We will create a service for implementing the search feature in a bit.
Dealing with a very high volume of data
and requests
Another critical part of developing APIs with Spring or any other systems,
as we saw a couple of sections ago, is to use paging mechanisms when you
know the resource you are querying for has a very high volume of objects.
Imagine a user visits our start-up HomeIt website and decides to list all
properties in an entire US state, such as California. When the website audi -
ence starts to grow , with potentially millions of search requests each day ,
how would we make sure the GET  request does not entirely blow up our
server?
You want your services to be successful and scalable, right? When you have
millions of users doing a lot of expensive things on your website, knowing
what to do to guarantee access to the information as quickly as possible will
be key to keeping your users.
Here are a few optimizations you can do to make sure your website queries
will scale:
Indexing : Ensure that key search queries are running on indexed ﬁelds
in your database. Properly declared column indexes will maximize the
efﬁciency of your searches.
Caching : Create a cache for the most frequently run queries to store the
results in memory , enabling fast query responses. For example, when
querying for all California rental properties, cache the results of the ﬁrst
20 pages. Since most users will not go beyond even 10 pages, this ap -
proach will serve the majority of users quickly .
Database sharding : Consider creating a separate RentalProperty
database for each US state to distribute the load. Keeping your microser -
vices data model simple allows greater ﬂexibility in optimizing non-
functional requirements. You could have one service implementation per
state, for example, and your microservice could store data based on the
state being saved.
Load balancing : Even with sharding, some states may still experience
heavy load. In such cases, create  read replicas of your database to dis -
tribute the query load across multiple database instances.
Further  query optimizations : Collaborate with a skilled DBA  to ﬁnd
ways to optimize database queries. A professional DBA  can provide
valuable insights and techniques for query optimization.
Removing abstraction levels : JpaRepository  may not be suitable
for performance-critical queries due to the overhead of ORM mapping.
Instead, use JdbcTemplate  repositories to execute raw SQL  com -
mands directly , bypassing ORM mapping costs.
Asynchr onous pr ocessing : Utilize reactive processing to handle multi -
ple concurrent tasks efﬁciently . Asynchronous processing will be intro -
duced in future chapters.
Denormalization : Optimizing your tables by replicating some relation -
ship data in a single table, rather than running joins across multiple ta -
bles, can signiﬁcantly reduce computational costs and speed up queries.
Materialized views : Pre-compute and store results of high-volume
queries in temporary tables that can  be refreshed periodically . While this
approach may not provide the most up-to-date results, the recency gap
can be acceptable depending on your use case and non-functional
requirements.
Radically r emove constraints : You might want to relieve your database
tables from constraints such as  foreign keys or data format validations,
such as nullable versus non-nullable columns. Some of these constraints
can be added to your microservice as new code so that it only gets acti -
vated under certain conditions.
Move totally or  partially to NoSQL  databases : Moving to other kinds
of databases on your service implementations can also speed up your
queries a lot. There are all sorts of optimized  databases that you can tap
into, depending on your use case. I have seen implementations with
Cassandra that supported more than 15,000 data retrieval requests per
second. That is a lot of data retrieval! Another great example is Neo4J,
which speeds up any search on a graph (compared to traditional SQL
databases) since the relationships are not computed during runtime for
join  commands. If you need to provide graph searches, this is probably
the kind of optimization you want.
On top of this, Spring Data provides pageable queries in the
JpaRepository  interface. Let’ s see how it works to optimize our
searches.
Retrieving paged results in Spring
JpaRepository
Now that we have talked about ways to improve database query perfor -
mance, let’ s create a way to reduce the pressure of your API on your
database.
Traditionally , when ﬁring a GET  request to our /rental-properties
resource, we should return the list of all objects that are contained in your
microservice. Well, the general idea simply does not work that well if we
have thousands of properties to retrieve at the same time, for multiple rea -
sons. One of them is, of course, it will kill your microservice resources
(RAM memory , for example) if you have a high volume of objects. But
even if you had the hardware resources, it would not be practical from the
user’s perspective, since it is unable to handle so many objects at the same
time. From a usability standpoint, your system becomes useless if your user
cannot deal in a very practical way with the data you are presenting.
This is where we can implement a solution that will seek to create a GET
/rental-properties  endpoint that can return result pages instead of
just a whole bunch of unmanageable objects.
First, we need to make a small adjustment to our
RentalPropertyService  interface. We will add the following method
to retrieve a page of properties:
Page<RentalPropertyDTO> getPagedProperties(
    int page, int size);
As you can see, it is possible to tell which page should be returned and the
size of that page. Now , in the RentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl
class, let’ s add a meaningful implementation of a method that can retrieve
rental properties with pagination features:
@Override
public Page<RentalPropertyDTO> getPagedProperties(
    int page, int size) {
    final PageRequest pageable =
        PageRequest.of(page, size);
    return PageableExecutionUtils.getPage(jpaReposito
        .findAll(pageable)
        .getContent().stream()
        .map(RentalPropertyConverter::toDTO)
        .toList(), pageable, jpaRepository::count);
}
As you can see, this implementation makes use of the findAll()  method
from the JpaRepository  interface. That will fetch a list of the
RentalProperty  entities we have in the database, all contained in a
Page  object. We then transform that result page into a page that contains
the DT Os. This is all we need from JpaRepository  in Spring Data to
make sure we are returning data in chunks for our API users.
Because this method is declared at the RentalService  interface level,
we will also have to implement a non-supported exception in the
RentalServiceImpl  class:
@Override
public Page<RentalPropertyDTO> getPagedProperties(
    int page, int size) {
    throw new UnsupportedOperationException(
        "cannot retrieve a paged result " +
        "with this implementation");
}
This is just to ensure our project is correctly compiled. I do not want to use
the implementation in the RentalPropertyServiceImpl  class, only
the one in RentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl .
In our RentalPropertyController  class, we need to implement a
call to our RentalPropertyService  interface:
@GetMapping(produces = "application/json")
public ResponseEntity<Page<RentalPropertyDTO>>
    getAllProperties(
        @RequestParam(defaultValue = "0") int page,
        @RequestParam(defaultValue = "10") int size
) {
    return ResponseEntity.ok()
        .body(rentalPropertyService
          .getPagedProperties(page, size));
}
As you can see, it is fairly simple to  add a paginated endpoint. You can then
ﬁre GET  requests to http://localhost:8080/api/v1/rental-
properties  and specify how many elements should be included in the
page, and which page should be retrieved. We will look at that shortly , as
we still have one simple thing to ﬁx in our sample project.
Using multiple service implementations on
your application
Now that we have properly coded the
RentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl  class, which is a service that  im-
plements RentalPropertyService  and uses JpaRepository  be-
hind the scenes to connect to your database, let’ s use this new implementa -
tion class on our RentalPropertyController  class.
Remember: in Spring’ s framework philosophy , a service implementation
should always inject another interface, and Spring should look for the im -
plementation classes automatically .
Here is a fact that demonstrates this. In our code,
RentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl  injects
RentalPropertyJpaRepository , which is just an interface that ex -
tends JpaRepository . Spring is able to provide the JpaRepository
implementation for you at runtime. In fact, the class that implements
JpaRepository  is called SimpleJpaRepository . It is totally possi -
ble to ﬁnd that class source and learn how Spring Data works behind the
scenes. This is all done for you by using the Spring Beans management we
talked about in the previous chapters.
Now , we have the following situation. RentalPropertyService  has
two implementation classes:
Figure 7.7: A service interface with two implementations
Our RentalPropertyController  class, on the other hand, injected a
reference for the RentalPropertyService  interface, remember? Here
is a recap. This is the code of the V1 API:
public class RentalPropertyController {
    private final RentalPropertyService
        rentalPropertyService;
// ... other existing code
}
And this is the code of the V2 API:
public class RentalPropertyControllerV2 {
    private final RentalPropertyService
        rentalPropertyService;
    private final RentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils
        rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils;
// ... other existing code
}
As we stated before, Spring will try to ﬁnd the implementation class for that
interface. What will happen when we run this code?
The answer is: we cannot run this code since we have not made it clear to
Spring which implementation  should be used as a bean for the
RentalPropertiesService  interface references in both classes.
Since we have now made our bean injection ambiguous, we need to use
some special syntax to specify which implementations Spring should use,
and where.
Here is the output of the error we get if we try to run the RentalProperties
API without changing the way we declare our beans:
Parameter 0 of constructor in [...].controller.Rental
- rentalPropertyServiceImpl: defined in file [.../Ren
- rentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl: defined in file [.../
This may be due to missing parameter name information
Now , this project is just composed of some classes with dif ferent approach -
es for the Service  layer . We could just delete the
RentalPropertyServiceImpl  class, right? After all, this is an imple -
mentation that uses an in-memory HashMap. All should be good once we
delete it.
But what if we need multiple  beans that implement the same service inter -
face in dif ferent ways? That will make sense in the following sections, as
we implement other ways to access our database (and we will implement
the search feature).
Using @Qualifier to inject multiple bean
implementations for the same service
It is not uncommon to need two  implementations of the same service inter -
faces in big Spring projects, especially if you are optimizing your imple -
mentation or changing how things work behind the scenes. Here, we will
inject two references for the same RentalPropertyService  interface,
but one of the implementations is the old one, the one that uses the hashmap
as a repository . The other implementation will use the SQL  database as a
repository . We will create other implementations in a few minutes.
The key to injecting dif ferent implementations for the same service lies in
the @Qualifier  annotation, which goes in a few places:
In the service implementation classes themselves so that we give a name
to our Spring bean
In the constructor of the class that will inject the beans
This is how we declare the @Qualifier  annotation on top of our
RentalProperty  implementation classes:
@Service
@Qualifier("hashMapRentalPropertyService")
public class RentalPropertyServiceImpl
        implements RentalPropertyService {
// ... other service code
}
@Service
@Qualifier("jpaRentalPropertyService")
public class RentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl implements 
// ... other service code
}
As you can see, now we have added two names or aliases for the conﬂicting
service implementation classes.
The next step is to declare those beans with their respective qualiﬁers in the
constructor of the class you want to use your beans:
@RestController
@RequestMapping("/api/v1/rental-properties")
@Validated
public class RentalPropertyController {
    private final RentalPropertyService
        mapRentalPropertyService;
    private final RentalPropertyService
        jpaRentalPropertyService;
    public RentalPropertyController(
        @Qualifier("hashMapRentalPropertyService")
            RentalPropertyService mapRentalPropertySe
        @Qualifier("jpaRentalPropertyService")
            RentalPropertyService jpaRentalPropertySe
{
        this.mapRentalPropertyService =
            mapRentalPropertyService;
        this.jpaRentalPropertyService =
            jpaRentalPropertyService;
}
// ... other code
}
And this  is the  V2 implementation:
@RestController
@RequestMapping("/api/v2/rental-properties")
@Validated
public class RentalPropertyControllerV2 {
    private final RentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils
        rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils;
    private final RentalPropertyService
        mapRentalPropertyService;
    private final RentalPropertyService
        jpaRentalPropertyService;
    public RentalPropertyControllerV2(
        @Qualifier("hashMapRentalPropertyService")
            RentalPropertyService mapRentalPropertySe
        @Qualifier("jpaRentalPropertyService")
            RentalPropertyService jpaRentalPropertySe
        RentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils
            rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils)
{
        this.rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils =
            rentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils;
        this.mapRentalPropertyService =
            mapRentalPropertyService;
        this.jpaRentalPropertyService =
            jpaRentalPropertyService;
}
With those changes, it is now possible to reference the services you want on
both controllers. I basically switched my implementation  in both controllers
to use jpaRentalPropertyService  from now on. You can see the
fully implemented classes in the GitHub  repository .
Now , the question that I would like to invite you to think about is: how does
the JpaRepository  interface do its magic? What other services does its
implementation rely on?
JpaRepository  is implemented by a class called
SimpleJpaRepository , which in turn injects a bean named
EntityManager , which is a low-level interface that allows you to have
ﬁne-grained control over your objects. You can just see the code for all
those classes using your favorite IDE (I recommend IntelliJ for navigating
Spring code with ease).
If JpaRepository  is too high level, what about the underlying
EntityManager  interface? Let’ s see how it works.
How does EntityManager work?
EntityManager  is a core interface in JP A that manages the lifecycle of
entities within a persistence context. It provides an abstraction for perform -
ing Create, Read , Update , and Delete  (CRUD ) operations and facilitates
the interaction between the application and the database.
EntityManager  is responsible for ensuring that the state of entities is
synchronized with the underlying database. It provides ﬁne-grained control
over transactions, caching, and query execution, making it essential for ad -
vanced data access operations in JPA-based applications.
Here is a list of important methods implemented by the EntityManager
bean, which you can inject wherever you want in your applications:
persist(Object entity) : Persists a new entity instance into the
database
merge(Object entity) : Updates an existing object in the database
remove(Object entity) : Removes an entity instance from the
database
find(Class<T> entityClass, Object primaryKey) :
Finds an entity by its primary key
createQuery(String qlString) : Creates a JPQL  query to re -
trieve entities based on speciﬁed criteria
createNamedQuery(String name) : Creates a named query de -
ﬁned in the entity class
createNativeQuery(String sqlString) : Creates a native
SQL query for database-speciﬁc operations
getTransaction() : Retrieves the EntityTransaction  object
to manage transactions manually
flush() : Forces pushing all persistence changes to the underlying
database
clear() : Clears the persistence context, detaching all managed
entities.
detach(Object entity) : Detaches an entity from the persistence
context
refresh(Object entity) : Refreshes the state of the entity from
the database
getCriteriaBuilder() : Obtains an instance of
CriteriaBuilder  for creating criteria queries
The EntityManager  service has  an important feature that tracks the
changes you make to your object and synchronizes them automatically in
the database. That happens if you change your objects inside the context of
a transaction, which we are going to see in the next section.
Working with transactions in Spring
Data
A transaction , as you probably know , is the context in which a sequence of
changes to a database counts as just one atomic operation, meaning they
cannot be sent separately to your database and cannot be interrupted by
concurrent operations, in general. They are executed in one batch, and only
after the ﬁnal result is calculated are they all considered executed and the
results available for other concurrent queries.
There are two main ways to manage a transaction using Spring Data.
Using the @Transactional annotation in a
method
You can declare whatever methods you want in your classes to be consid -
ered transactions. Basically , tag the desired method with the @Transac -
tional  annotation, and everything that is enclosed by the method will be
considered a part of a transactional context.
Here is a simple example. This makes the update  method of
RentalServiceJpaImpl  a full transaction:
@Override
@Transactional
public Optional<RentalPropertyDTO> update(UUID id,
    RentalPropertyDTO updatedProperty) {
    if(jpaRepository.existsById(id)) {
        return Optional.ofNullable(
            RentalPropertyConverter.toDTO(
                jpaRepository.save(RentalPropertyConv
                    .toEntity(updatedProperty))));
    }
    return Optional.empty();
}
Again, if you have several updates to execute on your database and you
want to guarantee that all of those operations are executed in the same step
for data consistency reasons, you probably want all of those operations to
be transactional. Just move all of them to a single service method and de -
clare the method to be @Transactional .
There are several important parameters for the @Transactional  annota -
tion that allow you to explore the nuances of transaction management. You
can look in the Spring docs to see the variants. Let’ s see the other way of
declaring a transaction in Spring Data.
Managing transactions by using the
EntityManager bean
Since the EntityManager  bean is one of the core beans for managing
database connections and queries at a low level, you  can inject it into any
service by using the @PersistenceContext  annotation on your beans,
and if you use that annotation, it is possible to use the @Transactional
annotation on your methods as well to deﬁne which ones should be consid -
ered a part of a single transaction.
You can also manually manage a transaction using the EntityManager
bean. Just use the following resources:
Inject the EntityManagerFactory  class into your service
Create the EntityManager  reference using the factory , whenever you
need a transaction to start
The following methods are a part of the EntityManager  interface:
getTransaction().begin() : Starts a transaction
getTransaction().commit() : Commits a transaction to the data -
base, ﬁnalizing it
getTransaction().rollback() : Rolls back the transaction
(great to use if you ﬁnd an  error during the execution of the instructions,
such as an exception or some business logic that tells you the transaction
should be aborted)
It is as simple as that. Let’ s see how that is done. Remember , we need to use
@Qualifier  here as well to identify this implementation:
@Service
@Qualifier("entityManagerRentalPropertyService")
public class RentalPropertyServiceEntityManagerImpl
    implements RentalPropertyService{
    private EntityManagerFactory entityManagerFactory
    public RentalPropertyServiceEntityManagerImpl
        (EntityManagerFactory entityManagerFactory) {
        this.entityManagerFactory = entityManagerFact
    }
// ... other methods
}
This is how we inject the EntityManagerFactory  into your bean
when manually managing transactions.
This is a method by which we use manual transaction handling with an
EntityManager  bean:
@Override
public Optional<RentalPropertyDTO> delete(UUID id) {
    EntityManager entityManager =
        entityManagerFactory
            .createEntityManager();
    EntityTransaction transaction =
        entityManager.getTransaction();
    RentalPropertyDTO dto;
    try {
        transaction.begin();
        RentalProperty property =
            entityManager.find(RentalProperty.class, 
        dto = RentalPropertyConverter.toDTO(property)
        entityManager.remove(property);
        transaction.commit();
    } catch (Exception e) {
        if (transaction.isActive()) {
            transaction.rollback();
        }
        throw e;
    } finally {
        entityManager.close();
    }
    return Optional.ofNullable(dto);
}
The important highlights are as follows:
We are creating a new EntityManager  reference using the factory
Then, we create the transaction and commit it or roll it back, depending
on the results we get  from the database operation
Finally , we need to close the entityManager  instance
This is how you can easily move down to a ﬁner -grained control of your
transactions. I have used this very successfully to make the speed of a lega -
cy batch processor 100 times faster (no kidding) just because other develop -
ers did not do a proper job of analyzing how the batch service was record -
ing data, managing the connections, and tracking the commit times. I also
implemented an ACID transaction in place, which guaranteed the data
integrity .
Now , let’s go over another important subject. What if you need to run raw
SQL queries on your database? When high performance is a must, you can
use the JdbcTemplate  repository , which we’ll see in the next section.
Using
NamedParameterJdbcTemplate to
run raw SQL queries
JdbcTemplate  is a core component of the Spring Framework’ s JDBC
module that is designed to simplify database interactions by providing a
high-level abstraction over the standard JDBC API. This feature eliminates
much of the boilerplate code required for managing connections, executing
queries, and handling exceptions.
It provides convenient methods for common database operations such as
querying, updating, and batch processing, which allows you to focus on
business logic rather than the intricacies of JDBC.
Although allowing very low-level control over your SQL  queries, it impos -
es a high risk to your service if you do not use it wisely: it can actually cre -
ate a window for SQL  injection, which is a security ﬂaw in which an attack -
er does not send the data you expect, but instead sends whatever SQL  com -
mands they want so that your queries will just run arbitrary code.
Because JdbcTemplate  is so risky to use, I recommend using the
NamedParameterJdbcTemplate  bean instead. The only meaningful
change from JdbcTemplate  is that Spring will take care of guaranteeing
that the query input is regular data, not a random SQL-injected query .
NamedParameterJdbcTemplate  and JdbcTemplate  should both
be used when you need a straightforward, efﬁcient, and lightweight solution
for interacting with relational databases in a Spring application. Both are
particularly useful in scenarios where JP A/Hibernate might be overkill, such
as simple CRUD operations, batch processing, or when working with lega-
cy databases.
JdbcT emplate is ideal for applications that require precise control over SQL
queries and transactions without the overhead of an ORM framework. It
provides ﬂexibility , performance, and simplicity , making it the preferred
choice for developers who need to execute custom SQL  and manage data -
base interactions programmatically .
As an example, I have created another implementation for
RentalPropertyService , which now uses
NamedParameterJdbcTemplate  as a repository . This time, the only
method I will implement is the search()  method. All the other ones will
throw an UnsupportedOperationException  because they are all
implemented in the RentalPropertyServiceJpaImpl  bean.
Here is an example of the search method in
RentalPropertyServiceJdbcImpl . This is how I inject the
NamedParameterJdbcTemplate  repository (I am also using @Qual-
ifier  to identify this implementation):
@Service
@Qualifier("jdbcRentalPropertyService")
public class RentalPropertyServiceJdbcImpl implements
    private final NamedParameterJdbcTemplate jdbcTemp
    public RentalPropertyServiceJdbcImpl(
        NamedParameterJdbcTemplate jdbcTemplate) {
            this.jdbcTemplate = jdbcTemplate;
    }
    // .... other methods
}
This is the search method implementation:
@Override
public List<RentalPropertyDTO> search(String name, St
    StringBuilder sql = new StringBuilder("SELECT * F
    MapSqlParameterSource params =
        new MapSqlParameterSource();
    if (StringUtils.hasText(name)) {
        sql.append(" AND name LIKE :name");
        params.addValue("name", "%" + name + "%");
    }
    if (StringUtils.hasText(address)) {
        sql.append(" AND address LIKE :address");
        params.addValue("address", "%" + address + "%
    }
    if (StringUtils.hasText(city)) {
        sql.append(" AND address LIKE :city");
        params.addValue("city", "%" + city + "%");
    }
    if (StringUtils.hasText(country)) {
        sql.append(" AND address LIKE :country");
        params.addValue("country", "%" + country + "%
    }
    if (StringUtils.hasText(zipCode)) {
        sql.append(" AND address LIKE :zipCode");
        params.addValue("zipCode", "%" + zipCode + "%
    }
    return jdbcTemplate.query(
        sql.toString(), params, rentalPropertyRowMapp
}
As you can see, I am using a simple LIKE  operator to ﬁnd out parts of the
actual text in my Address  column. That is because the H2 implementation
does not support native Postgres jsonb  ﬁelds. When you move to a real
database, you can use the ->> operator or whatever other JSON-speciﬁc
search operators your database supports. JdbcTemplate  and
NamedParameterJdbcTemplate  are both classes that help you to go
native when interfacing with your database. But, again, this should be used
with caution, since it  removes the possibility of a transparent, painless data -
base migration in the future. It is up to you, your team, and the company to
decide how native or low-level you should go. If you really need to opti -
mize your code, do that only in the methods that need to be improved.
Here’ s some background info: the text search features in Postgres make
high-performance queries, queries that are almost as performant as the
Elasticsearch database queries. But you could really drive home your design
if you wanted to keep two dif ferent microservices, one of them for allowing
full-text search, using Elasticsearch. You could set your system design in
such a way that whatever changes happen on your microservice that keeps
the registration of the rental properties, the search microservice would be
notiﬁed and then would update its own version of that rental property data.
We will see some of that when we talk about event-driven architecture.
Referencing all the implementations we
have done so far
Now , let’s use all these implementations in our V1
RentalPropertyController :
@RestController
@RequestMapping("/api/v1/rental-properties")
@Validated
public class RentalPropertyController {
    private final RentalPropertyService
        jpaRentalPropertyService;
    private final RentalPropertyService
        jdbcRentalPropertyService;
    private final RentalPropertyService
        entityManagerRentalPropertyService;
    public RentalPropertyController(
        @Qualifier("jpaRentalPropertyService")
            RentalPropertyService jpaRentalPropertySe
        @Qualifier("jdbcRentalPropertyService")
            RentalPropertyService
                jdbcRentalPropertyService,
        @Qualifier("entityManagerRentalPropertyServic
            RentalPropertyService
                entityManagerRentalPropertyService) {
        this.jpaRentalPropertyService =
            jpaRentalPropertyService;
        this.jdbcRentalPropertyService =
            jdbcRentalPropertyService;
        this.entityManagerRentalPropertyService =
            entityManagerRentalPropertyService;
    }
// ... other code
}
This is where  we used the EntityManager  implementation:
@DeleteMapping("/{id}")
public ResponseEntity<Void> deleteProperty(@PathVaria
    return entityManagerRentalPropertyService
        .delete(id)
        .map(opt ->
            ResponseEntity.noContent()
                .<Void>build())
        .orElse(ResponseEntity
            .status(HttpStatus.NOT_FOUND).build());
}
This is where we used the JDBC implementation:
@GetMapping(
    value = "/search",
    produces = "application/json")
public ResponseEntity<List<RentalPropertyDTO>> search
    @RequestParam(required = false) String name,
    @RequestParam(required = false) String address,
    @RequestParam(required = false) String city,
    @RequestParam(required = false) String country,
    @RequestParam(required = false) String zipCode) {
    return ResponseEntity.ok(
        jdbcRentalPropertyService.search(
            name, address, city,country,zipCode));
}
After all this refactoring, there are a few interesting things we can extract
from creating interface implementations in Spring:
First, we can mix and match dif ferent implementations for the same in -
terface in the same microservice.
By mixing and matching implementations, you can optimize your mi -
croservices as you go. Start small, in an unoptimized way , then improve
your application by including optimized implementations for your ser -
vice interfaces. That works for data, but it also works in other contexts.
For example, if you feel your microservice is becoming a lot bigger than
it should, you can export the implementation of some services to another
microservice. Then, include a new implementation for that service inter -
face in the old microservice, which delegates a remote call to the new
microservice.
With the use of the @Qualifier  annotation, it is possible to never
touch the implementation classes directly when using them – you just
deal with the service interface, whatever implementation you are inject -
ing. That means your code will always comply with your original service
interfaces. This is an awesome way of guaranteeing your contracts. Plus,
if your service interface changes, the Java compiler will require you to
update all the implementation classes, which makes things much more
consistent.
Your interface implementations do not need to support all the methods
from the service interfaces. It is OK to leave some methods unsupported
so that you can just deliver the methods you want to optimize in the new
implementations.
We have just seen a way to support all kinds of connectivity types to
your database in the same application. And you do not even need to care
about the real database connection. How cool is that?
When it is time to deploy your application to real environments, we will
just add conﬁguration ﬁles so that they override our default options and
new connections are made to other database instances without you hav -
ing to touch the code. We will see how that is done as we proceed in the
next chapters.
For the most part, your class can connect to any SQL  database. If you
move from Postgres to Oracle, you only need to rewrite the /search
endpoint implementation, since it’ s the only one in which you want to
use speciﬁc, optimized, database-native syntax. Think about how great
this is for upgrading your infrastructure in the future.
Some developers will ask “why are you leaving blunt
OperationNotSupported  exceptions on your service implementa -
tions? You can use a fallback strategy that proxies the calls to other im -
plementations, right?” That is possible, but if you do that, you might
confuse other developers. It won’ t be as apparent when your implemen -
tation does not support a method. I’d rather have an outright exception
being thrown so the lack of support is clear to everyone.
OK, now that we have seen a lot of ﬂexible ways to deal with your SQL
data, let’ s test it all, shall we?
Testing your applications with data
integration
This is where having a clear integrated test suite will help you a lot. The au -
tomated tests we have written in previous chapters will not change too
much. We basically need to add a properties ﬁle to our test  folder so that
it follows the same H2 strategy and creates an in-memory database for you
to query against:

Figure 7.8: Location of the application.properties conﬁg ﬁle
Here is the content of the application.properties  ﬁle:
## H2 Database configuration in PostgreSQL mode
spring.datasource.url=jdbc:h2:mem:testdb;DB_CLOSE_DEL
spring.datasource.driverClassName=org.h2.Driver
spring.datasource.username=sampleuser
spring.datasource.password=samplepass
spring.jpa.database-platform=org.hibernate.dialect.H2
spring.h2.console.enabled=true
spring.h2.console.path=/h2-console
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto=create
spring.jpa.show-sql=true
Here is the code  that changed in the
RentalPropertyControllerTest  class ( https://github.com/Packt -
Publishing/Spring-System-Design-in-Practice/blob/main/chapter -07/rental-
property-
microservice/src/test/java/com/homeit/rental/property/controller/Rental -
PropertyControllerT est.java ):
@Test
void testGetAllProperties() throws Exception {
    mockMvc.perform(
        get("/api/v1/rental-properties?page=1&size=2"
        .contentType("application/json"))
        .andExpect(status().isOk())
        .andExpect(jsonPath("$.pageable.pageNumber").
        .andExpect(jsonPath("$.content[*].name").exis
        .andExpect(jsonPath("$.pageable.pageSize").va
    ;
}
The testGetAllProperties()  method will now look for pages, one
at a time. The JSON returned is actually a bit more complex as it fetches
page metadata as well, not just the original object. You might consider mak -
ing the paged endpoint a part of another version of your API since this
change could break HTTP  clients that expect the older format.
You just need to run the gradle test  command to make sure your mi -
croservice is correctly communicating with your database. You can see the
ﬁnal implementation of our test classes on GitHub
(https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -07/rental-property-
microservice/src/test/java/com/homeit/rental/property/controller ).
And, of course, we can also test the H2 database. If we run our service with
the gradle bootRun  command, you will be able to connect to your H2
database and see the exact tables and types that have been created. You will
have a full SQL  console, connected to your H2 in-memory database. That
helps with a lot of triaging issues. This is what happens when you connect
to http://localhost:8080/h2-console  with
sampleuser/samplepass :
Figure 7.9: Running an H2 SQL  query
There are also great  ways to test pre-made datasets. We will see that in fu -
ture chapters, as we proceed with more sophisticated use cases and interac -
tions between microservices.
Summary
In this chapter , we have seen the way to handle data on your services.
Although the examples here were all tied to SQL  databases, Spring Data
provides similar approaches for all major databases. We will look at non-
SQL implementations as well throughout the book. But, in essence, the ba -
sic template will be found in the extensions for other databases: you need to
add the dependency for supporting the other database, then look for which
repository types you have available. Some repositories will be more high-
level, providing a lot of stuf f out-of-the-box for you to use (just as
JpaRepository  did). Other repositories will provide more low-level op -
tions for you to have ﬁner control over the way you interact with your
database.
In the next chapter , we will switch gears to talk more about security issues
and how to properly implement access control to your application. That is it
for this chapter . See you in Chapter 8 !
Part 3: Security, Performance, and
Scalability
Building a service is just the beginning. This part explores how to secure
applications using Spring Security and OAuth 2.0, optimize communication
between microservices, and ensure high performance at scale. We’ll also in -
troduce event-driven architectures and NoSQL  databases to help services
react asynchronously to changing data.
This part has the following chapters:
Chapter 8 , Securing Services with Spring Security and OAuth 2.0
Chapter 9 , High-Performance and Secur e Communication Between
Spring Services
Chapter 10 , Building Asynchr onous, Event-Driven Systems with NoSQL
Databases
8
Securing Services with Spring
Security and OAuth 2.0
Welcome to Chapter 8 ! In this chapter , we will discuss important aspects of
user authentication and authorization. There is a world of things we could
do in Spring to secure our services, but we will take just a key approach
here that is widely used today: the combination of OAuth 2.0 and JWT
tokens.
Here are the topics we’ll cover:
Understanding the security areas in your application
What is OAuth 2.0 and why use it?
Understanding how JWT  tokens work
Different architectures for validating tokens
Implementing HomeIt security
We will start by taking a strategic view of the possible vulnerabilities a typi -
cal microservice architecture brings. Then, we will proceed by discussing
OAuth 2.0 and dif ferent ways of providing authentication and authorization.
We will also dive deep into the structure of JWT s and how signatures are
made. Finally , we will implement these concepts by writing a sample autho -
rization server and adding features to our Rental Pr operties  service for val -
idating JWT  tokens in an interesting way .
Are you ready? Let’s go!
Understanding the security areas in
your application
The ﬁrst thing we need to do to create secure services is to understand the
big picture and the main vulnerability spots. Since this book is mostly about
creating microservice architectures, let’ s ﬁrst understand the microservice
landscape itself. The following diagram illustrates it:
Figure 8.1: Microservice architecture
This diagram simpliﬁes most of the microservice architectures today . The
numbers in the diagram represent the following:
1. The user will almost always interact with a client app (it could be
through a mobile app or a browser), and the app, in turn, will interact
with what we call an API gateway . The API gateway is the entry point
for interacting with other microservices.
2. The client app will start the app session by authenticating the user
through a service called the authentication pr ovider  (auth pr ovider ).
There are numerous ways of implementing an auth provider , which we
will see shortly . A successful authentication process will produce a string
that we call the JWT  security token , which we will see in detail shortly .
3. Once the user is authenticated, every request to one of the microservices
will be secured by the JWT  token. In other words, every time the client
app needs to use some of the app microservices, it needs to send the se -
curity token in an HTTP  header , along with the request data (payload,
headers, URLs, etc.). The API gateway will also forward the token to the
microservices.
4. Upon receiving a request, all microservices must receive a token and be
able to go back to the auth provider to ask whether the security token is
still valid. That will make sure the user is authenticated. Also, the mi -
croservice needs to assert that the user is authorized to perform the cur -
rent request. A regular user (let’ s say a tenant, in the HomeIt system)
might try to perform an admin-level operation, for example, trying to
delete a landlord user , which should not be allowed, even if the user is
correctly authenticated. The security token can also inform the microser -
vices about the user access levels.
5. An eventual attacker could try to spy on the user ’s connection. To pre -
vent such attacks, we need to make sure every connection from an app to
the API gateway is performed through an HTTPS tunnel. That means all
data will be encrypted, and only the client app and the servers will be
able to unencrypt it.
6. The attacker could try to perform requests to the API gateway on behalf
of the user , which means the system needs to be prepared to ﬁlter out
such requests, by using Cross-Site Request Forgery  (CSRF ) and
Cross-Origin Resour ce Sharing  (CORS ) conﬁgurations that mitigate
those attempts.
7. The attacker might try to access the data stored in the service itself, such
as local ﬁlesystems and databases. In that case, it is important to imple -
ment encryption for data at rest, so that if the attacker can access the
server by a terminal, for example, it is still not possible to understand the
data, due to strong encryption mechanisms.
Next, let’ s discover how to secure our application with the use of the OAuth
2.0 standard.
What is OAuth 2.0 and why use it?
You might have heard of OAuth 2.0 before, and there is a lot of material
available online about it, but it can be cumbersome and confusing to devel -
opers, so I will explain it in very simple terms here. In essence, this is a
powerful standard for user authentication and authorization on your ap -
plications. OAuth  stands for Open Authorization . It is an authorization ar -
chitecture and standard fully deﬁned in the RFC-6749 of the Internet
Engineering Task For ce (IETF ) organization. The RFCs are documents
specifying how dif ferent internet standards should work; IETF is the com -
munity in char ge of maintaining those documents today . Our example will
be compliant with version 2.0 of the OAuth speciﬁcation.
The OAuth 2.0 speciﬁcation is especially important for allowing one system
to access resources in another system. The following scenarios are good ex -
amples of OAuth 2.0-enabled applications.
Use case 1 – system A accesses system B-
owned resources
Imagine you create an app that can access documents hosted on a user ’s
own Google Drive, on the user ’s behalf. That requires your app to forward
the user to a special Google URL  where they will be able to log in to their
Google account and give the app permission to access their documents.
Then, the user will be sent back to your app, which can now access the
user’s personal documents stored in a Google Drive folder .
The following diagram illustrates this scenario. The numbers dictate the or -
der of the ﬂows:
Figure 8.2 – OAuth 2.0 cross-domain authentication
The way it works is Google authorizes your application through the app’ s
own credentials (which we call the client ID and client secret credentials),
then authorizes the user login and forwards a special token to your applica -
tion that your app can use in every request to retrieve data from Google
Docs itself.
This is a powerful pattern that leads to a lot of interesting use cases. One of
them is to allow registering a new user in system A by having the user au -
thorize themself on system B. In other words, we could register a new user
in our HomeIt system by basically requiring the user to authenticate them -
self on Google’ s website.
The second case for OAuth 2.0 is simpler .
Use case 2 – system A accesses its own
resources
Take a look at the following systems ﬂow diagram. This adds more detail
on how the tokens and authorizations ﬂow from one service to the other:
Figure 8.3 – OAuth authentication
It is good to highlight that in OAuth 2.0, both your client application and
your users will have to properly validate their own credentials. In total, we
might have two sets of tokens. Existing systems today implement this pat -
tern with some slight variations, such as the following:
Discarding the need for a client application token, but still requiring the
client ID and secret, along with the user credentials (username and pass -
word). That combination will collapse the client authorization service
and the user authorization service together , which is not always a good
idea since the client ID and secret validation should not be coupled with
the user ’s own credentials.
Entirely discarding the client ID and secret, and just using the user/pass -
word credentials to generate the user token to access your application
resources.
Although I was able to ﬁnd a lot of applications by dif ferent companies that
are not in line with OAuth 2.0 standards (you would be surprised by how
many can be found), it is not advisable to omit steps in your application, for
various security reasons.
On another note, in our ﬁrst example including Google authorization
(Figur e 8.2), the user and client authorization services are omitted from our
diagram. But they are still present in our Google system implementation.
You will always need to provide your app ID and secret to interact with
Google authentication. I removed them from the ﬁrst diagram so that it
would be easier to grasp the ﬂow .
Let’s now discover what types of services OAuth 2.0 proposes in an authen -
tication/authorization system.
Basic service types in OAuth 2.0
According to the OAuth 2.0 speciﬁcation, there are some critical system
functions that need to be in place for us to have enough security in an au -
thentication system. Without these, some important functions could be
missed and your application will be more vulnerable to malicious attacks.
The OAuth speciﬁcation proposes the following service types:
Resour ce owner : The system that has ownership of the resources you
need to access. In the ﬁrst example, Google is the owner of the docu -
ments you need to access. The end user is also considered a resource
owner , as they are the sole proprietor and have the right to say when the
document can be accessed (this is why they usually hold a user creden -
tial, such as a password or an authorization token). In the second exam -
ple, your application is the resource owner .
Authorization servers : These services are responsible for issuing access
tokens that tell your application that your user has successfully authenti -
cated themselves.
Client application : This is the application used to allow users to log in
and interact with your resource services. It is important to distinguish
your clients because OAuth 2.0 will only permit login attempts from au -
thorized client applications.
Resour ce pr oviders : These are one or more services that provide impor -
tant business domain objects to your customers. In other words, any API
that implements critical product requirements is considered a resource
provider . For instance, think about our Rental Property API. This is a
valuable resource that should only be accessible through the proper secu -
rity ﬁlters (a valid client token and a user token).
Now , many of these providers are of fered in enterprise vendors and open
source projects. Let’ s see how they ﬁt into our overall picture.
Industry-grade authorization providers
There are quite a few of ferings in the industry that will allow you to inte -
grate ready-to-use identity providers with your Spring application and mi -
croservices. Some of these are Keycloak, Auth0, Okta, Amazon Cognito,
and Google Identity Platform. They come with a lot of strengths and
weaknesses.
In this chapter , though, we will implement a sample authorization mecha -
nism by solely using Spring Security . You can replace the authorization
provider here with whatever other providers you might want in the future.
Remember , the key to Spring services is to design interfaces in such a way
that you can just replace the implementations with whatever new services
and infrastructure you want.
Understanding how JWTs work
The OAuth 2.0 standard does not enforce any kind of security token imple -
mentation. Because of that, it is up to you, as an architect, to choose how to
create and validate tokens.
There are many ways of implementing security tokens, such as JWT ,
PASET O, macaroons, CBOR Web Tokens, and Hawk. Because JWT  is the
most used, we will use it in this chapter . But bear in mind that you can ﬁnd
other token speciﬁcations on the web, should you desire to switch from
JWT  (you can google the ones I just mentioned).
The other token speciﬁcations have dif ferent ways of implementing ﬂows,
which we won’ t be able to cover here. But in general, they try to address the
authorization challenges with dif ferent assumptions. In this chapter , we will
cover most of the criticisms of JWT  as well, so don’ t worry , we will be able
to see how to use JWT  properly . Since this is a well-established standard
and the Spring implementation is exceptionally reliable and battle-tested,
let’s follow the JWT  token specs in this chapter .
JWT  refers to a token created out of a JSON structure that reveals speciﬁc
data about authenticated users. This standard was deﬁned by the RFC-7519
of the IETF or ganization. You can read the full speciﬁcation here:
https://datatracker .ietf.or g/doc/html/rfc7519 .
A JWT  token is essentially a string containing three parts separated by a
dot, like this:
Figure 8.4 – JWT  token structure
The ﬁrst thing you should know is that each part is a Base64-encoded JSON
string. Next, let’ s see an explanation of each section of the token.
The JWT header
The ﬁrst section of a JWT  token is the header , which contains the type of
token and the encryption signing algorithm that was used. Here is an
example:
{
  "alg": "HS256",
  "typ": "JWT"
}
To create the ﬁrst part of the token, we apply Base64 encoding, which turns
this sample header into the following string:
eyAiYWxnIjogIkhTMjU2IiwgInR5cCI6ICJKV1QiIH0g
The JWT payload
The second section of a JWT  token is what we call the payload, or the addi -
tional application data. The data is usually about the user and the token gen -
eration itself. It is also called a claim, referring to some permission this to -
ken claims the user has.
Here is an example of a JWT  payload:
{
  "iss": https://auth.homeit.com, // who generated t h
  "sub": "user123",               // the user id
  "exp": 1716242622,              // to ken expiration
  "iat": 1616239022,              // token generation
  "name": "Jo hn Doe",             // user name
  "email": john.doe@example.com,  // user email
  "groups": [                     // groups user belo
    "tenant "
  ],
  "permissions": {                // set of permissio
    "rental_search": [                   // service n
      "read"                             // access le
    ],
    "user_info": [
      "read",
      "write"
    ]
}
This payload converted to Base64 will look as follows:
eyAKCiAgImlzcyI6IGh0dHBzOi8vYXV0aC5ob21laXQuY29tLCAvL
oKICAic3ViIjogInVzZXIxMjMiLCAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIC8vIHR
KICAiZXhwIjogMTcxNjI0MjYyMiwgICAgICAgICAgICAgIC8vIHRv
24gCgogICJpYXQiOiAxNjE2MjM5MDIyLCAgICAgICAgICAgICAgLy
JhdGlvbiB0aW1lIAoKICAibmFtZSI6ICJKb2huIERvZSIsICAgICA
ZXIgbmFtZSAKCiAgImVtYWlsIjogam9obi5kb2VAZXhhbXBsZS5jb
IGVtYWlsIAoKICAiZ3JvdXBzIjogWyAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgI
B1c2VyIGJlbG9uZ3MgdG8gCgogICAgInRlbmFudCIgCgogIF0sIAo
vbnMiOiB7ICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIC8vIHNldCBvZiBwZXJtaXNz
icmVudGFsX3NlYXJjaCI6IFsgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgLy8g
IAoKICAgICAgInJlYWQiICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgI
MgbGV2ZWwgCgogICAgXSwgCgogICAgInVzZXJfaW5mbyI6IFsgCgo
IAoKICAgICAgIndyaXRlIiAKCiAgICBdIAoKfSA=
The JWT signature
The third section of a JWT  token ensures the integrity and authenticity of
the token. It is created by signing the Base64-encoded header and payload
with a secret key , using a strong cryptographic algorithm such as HS256 or
RSA.
The signature allows your authorization service to verify that the token has
not been tampered with and that it was issued by a trusted source. The algo -
rithm and secret key (or private key) are crucial for the security of the JWT ,
as they guarantee that only the issuer (your authorization service) can gen -
erate a valid signature.
This process is essential for your authorization server to conﬁrm that a giv -
en JWT  was securely generated and is still valid.
There are a few different types of secure algorithms you can use. Here are
some options:
HS256, HS384, or  HS512 : These three algorithms are similar . They use
a secret key that is used for both signing and verifying the signature.
HS512 provides the highest security level. The number speciﬁes the size
of the signature, in bytes. The bigger the number , the more secure the
signature is. This can be used when your authorization service generates
and veriﬁes tokens.
RS256, RS384, and RS512 : These three algorithms use a private key for
signing signatures and a public key for verifying signatures. They can be
used when you need dif ferent services to verify your JWT  signatures,
and you do not want to export the secret key to other servers. Again,
RS512 provides the highest security level.
ES256, ES384, and ES512 : This is similar to RS256, which requires
private and public keys to sign and verify your token, respectively . It is
generally more secure than the RS algorithms, and the signature size is
considerably smaller .
To sign your JWT , you will need to do the following operation:
Signature = SignAlgo(
              Base64(HEADER).
              Base64(PAYLOAD),
              Secret/PrivateKey)
This means you need to convert both your header and the payload to
Base64 encoding. They are appended with a dot, and that string is passed
through your chosen signature algorithm, by adding the secret or private
key as the input.
Here is the ﬁnal result of a JWT  signature section:
t5fW4uC-g_0j8smuCV9WbdHZZmDWdaaj7Mu9WqmxNqEOOdDUSuGTo
This is the end result of this JWT :
eyJhbGciOiJIUzUxMiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJodHRw
ZWl0LmNvbSIsInN1YiI6InVzZXIxMjMiLCJleHAiOjE3MTYyNDI2M
NjIzOTAyMiwibmFtZSI6IkpvaG4gRG9lIiwiZW1haWwiOiJqb2huL
LmNvbSIsImdyb3VwcyI6WyJ0ZW5hbnQiXSwicGVybWlzc2lvbnMiO
YXJjaCI6WyJyZWFkIl0sInVzZXJfaW5mbyI6WyJyZWFkIiwid3Jpd
The dots separate the three sections: header , payload, and signature.
There are some dif ferent approaches you can use to validate your tokens.
Let’s see some variations now .
Different architectures for
validating tokens
When thinking about how to validate your tokens, you need to take into
consideration performance factors versus security guarantees. There is not a
100% secure system, so you need to understand where the ﬂaws are in your
architecture and plan to remediate them, in case an attacker is able to get
unauthorized access.
These are some of the possibilities for creating and validating your tokens:
Centralized authorization service cr eates tokens : All other services
consult back to check token validity with the authorization service itself.
This creates an overhead for validating the tokens, since an extra net -
work request is made every time a microservice is called. Those extra
network calls mean your authorization service has to deal with a very
high number of requests, which puts a lot of load pressure on it. Higher
security is enforced every step of the way, though.
Centralized authorization service cr eates token : Veriﬁcation happens
only once per user request, upon receiving the request in the API gate -
way, regardless of the number of microservices reached. This reduces the
load over the authorization service, since other microservices won’ t need
to call the authorization service again. But it also leaves the door open to
an attacker , where they can ﬁre a for ged request to a service that is not
verifying the token, only trusting the result of the veriﬁcation made
somewhere else.
Centralized authorization service cr eates a token with private keys :
Other services validate requests with a public key . This takes the burden
off the authorization service and allows other services to validate the to -
kens themselves. But now you need to deal with a distributed set of pub-
lic keys.
Client asks for  a new token on every r equest : This also puts a lot of
load pressure on your authorization service, but the added beneﬁt is that
a token has a shorter life, meaning an attacker that steals the token will
not be able to reuse it.
This is just a head start so that you can produce your own token
generation/validation ideas.
The following drawbacks apply in general to using JWT s:
If an attacker manages to get access to your keys, you need a solid strate -
gy for quickly revoking the keys in all involved services. That basically
means every customer will be forced to log in again.
If a token gets compromised, you should have a way of revoking that to -
ken. If your authorization service puts the valid tokens in a database, that
means you can mark the token as invalid. But bear in mind that you do
not need to store valid tokens in a database. The signing process (only
your authorization service is supposedly able to create the token) and the
token expiration time guarantee that the token is valid. If you are not
storing the valid tokens, you should at least have a blacklisted tokens
database. Make sure your veriﬁcation process checks that database in
case you want to revoke a token.
The longer your clients can use the token, the more it will be vulnerable
to attacks. Make sure your expiration is not so long that you could have
an attacker using stolen tokens for days. It all depends on your use case
(GitHub allows creating tokens that last forever). Just bear in mind the
security risk involved and choose your expiration dates wisely .
OK, that is all we need to cover to understand JWT  and all its trade-of fs.
Let’s now move on to implementing OAuth 2.0 authentication with JWT s in
Spring.
Implementing HomeIt security
When dealing with security requirements at an application level, you should
probably use the Spring Security dependency to ﬁll all the requirements we
just discussed. This project has a lot of important conﬁgurations that help
create a more secure set of microservices.
Although there are several ways to use Spring Security on your application,
I will show you here a common system design pattern for creating services
that allow you to do the following:
Create user login data and store user passwords securely
Store additional personal information, such as ﬁrst/last name and birth
date
Authenticate users so that they can use your services
Make sure users are assigned to roles that are used as ﬁlters to authorize
actions on your system
Validate and authorize each request that reaches every microservice
Are you ready?
This is a sample use case we could have in our system. See the sequence di-
agram here:
Figure 8.5 – HomeIt sample login implementation
We will work with the following assumptions:
The system will validate token signatures using an asymmetric key . A
private key will be used to create tokens, and a public key will be used to
validate the token signatures.
The authorization service will store user login credentials and create to -
kens using the private key .
The other services ( User  Info  and Rental Pr operties ) will validate to-
kens locally .
The client ID and secret will be validated every time a new user is creat -
ed or an access token is generated.
With this design comes the following weak spots and vulnerabilities:
Once a resource service ( User  Info  or Rental Pr operties ) receives a
JWT  token, it will not validate the actual existence of a user on a data -
base. The resource services will trust that the user credentials (login and
password) were actually validated by the authorization service.
If a hacker gets your private key in the authorization server , they will be
able to just recreate JWT s with whatever credentials they want. They
will be able to access whatever other microservices you have. That
brings a lot of potential risks, so if you get attacked, you need to manual -
ly rotate your public and private keys and restart all services – every user
will have their tokens unauthorized.
One more vulnerability will be introduced in the resource server imple -
mentation, to illustrate how authorization systems can be tricky to
implement.
We will not be able to implement the User  Info  service in this chapter , but
you will be able to implement it by yourself, once you see how the Rental
Properties  service is changed to validate a token. OK, now it’ s time to
jump into the code.
At the beginning of the chapter , I showed you a design that uses an API
gateway as the entry point. API gateways will be explored in future chap -
ters. We will keep things simple, where possible, so that we can see a thor -
ough example of a login system using Spring Security with the OAuth 2.0
model and JWT  tokens.
The ﬁrst thing to do is to implement the authorization server .
Creating your project
So, we start by generating the app using the Spring Initializr website. As
seen in Chapter 5  (in the Using Spring Initializr  section), once you generate
your app using Spring Initializr and choose Springboot 3.3.1, your
build.gradle  ﬁle will start with this:
plugins {
    id 'java'
    id 'org.springframework.boot' version '3.3.1'
    id 'io.spring.dependency-management' version '1.1
}
This is the list of dependencies we will use:
dependencies {
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    implementation 'com.h2database:h2'
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    implementation 'org.springframework.security:spri
    compileOnly 'org.projectlombok:lombok:1.18.32'
    annotationProcessor 'org.projectlombok:lombok:1.1
    testImplementation 'org.springframework.boot:spri
    testCompileOnly 'org.projectlombok:lombok:1.18.32
    testAnnotationProcessor 'org.projectlombok:lombok
    testRuntimeOnly 'org.junit.platform:junit-platfor
}
Notice that we are using many of the dependencies we have been using in
the Rental Property microservice. We are also using an H2 dependency , to
facilitate an in-memory database connection.
The new dependencies are the following:
Spring-boot-starter -security , which provides the basic ﬁlters
infrastructure
The Spring Security OAuth 2.0 authorization server
The full build.gradle  ﬁle can be found here: https://github.com/Packt -
Publishing/Spring-System-Design-in-Practice/blob/main/chapter -
08/authprovider/build.gradle .
Creating your security configuration class
For Spring, we need to set our security conﬁguration class as well. Here is
how it is written:
@Configuration
public class SecurityConfiguration {
    @Bean
    public PasswordEncoder passwordEncoder() {
        return new BCryptPasswordEncoder();
    }
    @Bean
    protected DefaultSecurityFilterChain
        configure(HttpSecurity http) throws Exception
        return http
            .csrf(AbstractHttpConfigurer::disable)
            .cors(AbstractHttpConfigurer::disable)
            .authorizeHttpRequests(auth ->
                auth.requestMatchers(
                    "/users/register",
                    "/users/token").permitAll()
                    .anyRequest().authenticated()
            )
            .sessionManagement(sess -> sess.sessionCr
            .build();
    }
}
@Configuration  is an important Spring annotation that tells Spring to
create a bean out of the annotated class. The config  beans exist to help
you conﬁgure your application in numerous ways. In Spring Security , there
is usually one security conﬁguration bean whose purpose is to set the secu-
rity ﬁlters.
Spring Security of fers an incredible number of ways in which you can con -
ﬁgure security in your application. In essence, you are able to choose how
to authenticate a user (by looking at any existing database or remote ser -
vices, for example), and also how to enforce authorization on any method.
In our case, since we are basically interested in creating users and issuing
tokens, we are just interested in implementing two methods: password -
Encoder()  and configure() . Both methods are tagged with @Bean ,
which tells Spring that these are factory methods for creating Spring beans.
In other words, when instantiating the SecurityConfig  bean, Spring
will also call the two methods in this class, to create a
PasswordEncoder  (returned by passwordEncoder()  method) and
a DefaultSecurityFilterChain  (returned by the configure()
endpoint).
The PasswordEncoder  returned is a class of type
BCryptPasswordEncoder , which is considered a very customizable
encoder with high security standards. In essence, whatever passwords we
receive will be hashed by this object, to make sure we are not storing raw-
text passwords in our database.
The ﬁlter chain returned by the configure()  method will basically tell
Spring how to enforce security across your client call life cycle and which
endpoints to make public, as well as which to make private. If you do not
explicitly conﬁgure access controls for an endpoint in your Spring Security
conﬁguration class, Spring will make it inaccessible to clients, no matter
which credentials they use. In this case, Spring will pass an
HTTPSecurity  bean created behind the curtains to the configure()
method. Then, we ﬁrst disable CSRF and CORS ﬁlters (we allow any web -
site and domain to use our services), and during the authorizeHttpRe -
quests()  method call, we are saying that the /users/register  and
/users/token  endpoints can be called by anyone ( permitAll() ),
while any other endpoint should be used by authenticated users only (since
we do not have any other endpoints in this service, it does not really
matter).
Last but not least, we set this service to be STATELESS . This means it does
not persist session objects to track user state while the user is logged in. In
this design, you will only use your JWT  tokens to identify your users across
services. Having STATELESS  services means that every microservice is re -
sponsible for handling its own objects and user states instead of relying on
the user login objects. Let’ s add a few words about what a session cookie is
and why we are not using it in our design.
Session cookies are, in essence, a way to track the user state across the use
of your website. They work like this:
1. The cookie itself, which is a string that your microservice creates and re -
turns in the header of your HTTP  response. You can create this string in
any way you want – for instance, as a UUID or even a JWT  token.
2. To set a new session, once the user is authenticated, you can return your
cookie in the headers of your HTTP  response using the set-cookie
header .
3. Once the browser receives the set-cookie  header , it is already pro -
grammed to store that cookie and hand it back in all future requests to
your service, by adding it to the cookie header .
4. Your service can validate cookies by extracting them from the cookie
header , in the request.
5. Once you have a session cookie going, you can use it to correlate the
cookie session with an object that you persist on the server side, while
the session is valid. For example, in an e-commerce site, you can store
the cart items in your user session object. That is a common use case for
cookies.
6. If you are using cookies, and you have a microservice architecture, you
will need to evaluate which services should have access to the cookie
session, and how you will provide access to it. Some common architec -
tures will basically make session cookies available through the use of in-
memory object databases, such as Memcached or Redis. You can also
use other services, such as DynamoDB, Cassandra, or any fast database
from which you can retrieve the session object.
7. Accessing a user session object from dif ferent services is quite an expen -
sive task and requires special consideration and care, due to race condi -
tions and simultaneous access from dif ferent services. As microservices
have their own databases and entities, nowadays session objects are used
less and less. We usually work with stateless sessions and the bearer to -
ken. That means each microservice only knows about its own state and
can access some other remote microservices. Still, you need to invest
some thought in avoiding race conditions, due to the distributed nature of
microservice architectures.
So, in a nutshell, we are not using session cookies here because, in our ar -
chitecture, dif ferent microservices are not sharing critical data with other
microservices. So, we can rely on stateless services and the JWT  token
alone. Also, we do not want to create unnecessary race conditions that
might end up producing bugs in our app.
These are the most important things you should know about session cook -
ies. Now , let’s understand the role of the authorization provider in your
architecture.
Implementing the authorization provider domain
In this sample implementation, the authorization provider ’s responsibility is
to keep a database of valid user credentials that allow for creating users,
validating their existence, checking their password, and generating a valid
JWT  token, once the user authenticates themself.
Because of that, we need the following essential classes and services:
UserRepository , for storing users
UserEntity , for representing user credentials that will be persisted
UserService , a JWT  service that creates the tokens
ClientService , which validates our client app ID and app secret (re -
member , your app should validate its own credentials)
ScopeService , which produces the access scope from a user type
UserController , which provides a REST  interface with two end -
points: /users/register  and /users/token , for creating a user
and creating a token from the user credentials, respectively
Let’s take a look at those classes in detail. The compiled code in this section
can be found here: https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-
Design-in-Practice/tree/main/chapter -
08/authprovider/src/main/java/com/homeit/authprovider .
The UserEntity and UserRepository classes
Let’s start by ﬁnding out how users are created and stored in our database.
Here is the UserEntity  for representing user credentials that will be
persisted:
@Entity
@Table(name = "users", uniqueConstraints = @UniqueCon
@Data
@NoArgsConstructor
@AllArgsConstructor
public class UserEntity {
    @Id
    private UUID id;
    @Column(unique = true, nullable = false)
    private String email;
    private String password;
    private String userType;
}
Our UserEntity  contains an email address (the login), an ID (which is
the actual primary key that we will use to correlate the user in other
services), the password, and the user type (tenant or landlord, in our
example).
When you are writing such a service, avoid the temptation to use the user
email as the user ID across your microservices. That will create a mess in
your services if your users decide to change their emails. Believe it or not, I
have seen big companies face huge challenges in their authentication sys -
tems due to the fact that the user email was chosen as the user ID in their
systems. Do not repeat this mistake!
As you will notice, I have suggested an architecture in which we have an -
other UserInfo  microservice. The User Info service would be responsible
for persisting other important user data (address, birth date, ID, etc.). That
keeps the critical login information isolated from what we call Personally
Identiﬁable Information  (PII), which helps to identify the user . PII de -
serves a dif ferent treatment altogether (privacy is a very critical non-func -
tional requirement in any system nowadays, with so many heavy regula -
tions about how companies are allowed to use or expose user data).
Here is the UserRepository  class:
public interface UserRepository extends
    JpaRepository<UserEntity, UUID> {
    Optional<UserEntity> findByEmail(String email);
}
The user service
In our authorization provider , we have a UserService  interface, respon -
sible for creating user logins and checking for their existence. Here’ s the in -
terface and its methods:
public interface UserService {
    Optional<UserDTO> createUser(
        String email, String password, String userTyp
    Optional<UserDTO> findByEmail(String email);
    boolean validateUser(String email, String passwor
}
Of course, we have also included the UserInterfaceImpl  class, which
implements our interface. It injects two important beans:
UserRepository  and PasswordEncoder . Here is the declaration:
@Service
public class UserServiceImpl implements UserService {
    private final UserRepository userRepository;
    private final PasswordEncoder passwordEncoder;
    public UserServiceImpl(UserRepository userReposit
        PasswordEncoder passwordEncoder) {
        this.userRepository = userRepository;
        this.passwordEncoder = passwordEncoder;
    }
As you may remember , PasswordEncoder  is a bean created in our
SecurityConfiguration  class, with a @Bean  annotated method.
Before instantiating UserServiceImpl , the Spring Framework will in -
stantiate PasswordEncoder  by calling that method from our
SecurityConfiguration  bean, then inject it here.
Here is how we create a user in this service implementation:
@Override
public Optional<UserDTO> createUser(String email,
    String password, String userType) {
    if(!userRepository.findByEmail(email).isEmpty()) 
        return Optional.empty(); // email already use
    }
    return Optional.of(userRepository.save(
        new UserEntity(UUID.randomUUID(),
            email, passwordEncoder.encode(password),
                userType)))
        .map(UserConverter::fromUserEntity);
}
This method will reject the user creation if the user password is already in
use. Returning an empty Optional  in case the password is already used is
not quite the best option because it is unclear what happened during the user
creation. But that is not a big problem in this implementation.
Also, it is important to notice the use of the passwordEncoder  service.
We provide a raw password, and the encoder will create a hash string that
will be stored in the database, using bcrypt. That increases security by not
exposing all user passwords as raw text in the database.
Here is how we validate the existing user:
@Override
public boolean validateUser(String email, String pass
    return userRepository.findByEmail(email)
        .map(user ->
            passwordEncoder
                .matches(password,user.getPassword())
        .orElse(false);
}
Easy enough, right? We provide the email and password, then we ﬁnd the
user by email and create the hash from the raw password, comparing it with
the hash we stored in the database. If both hashes are equal, that means the
user provided the right password.
Finally , here is how we ﬁnd a user by email:
public Optional<UserDTO> findByEmail(String email) {
    return userRepository.findByEmail(email)
       .map(UserConverter::fromUserEntity);
}
The client service
We also provide a client service, which is a very simple implementation in
our example. Here is the interface:
public interface ClientService {
    boolean validateClient(String clientId,
        String clientSecret);
}
Here is the implementation class:
@Service
public class ClientServiceImpl implements ClientServi
    private final String clientId =
        "4ca8f880-0bee-4c24-88ce-3402fe7e37f0";
    private final String clientSecret =
        "b08cee2b-e79f-472b-a0b9-b210465c8bf3";
    @Override
    public boolean validateClient(String clientId,
        String clientSecret) {
        return this.clientId.equals(clientId)
            && this.clientSecret.equals(clientSecret)
    }
}
Since the focus in this chapter is on creating and validating JWT s in a dis -
tributed way , I have basically provided a hardcoded implementation for the
client ID and secret validation. There are numerous ways to improve this
implementation. I have seen big companies implementing client validation
in the following ways:
Adding valid client app IDs and secrets to external conﬁguration ﬁles
and loading them in a map, using a @Configuration  annotated bean
class. That bean will provide a map of client IDs to client secrets, allow -
ing us to compare the strings.
Creating API gateway apps in the cloud, then attributing client IDs and
secrets to those API gateways. The API gateways themselves have out-
of-the-box features to even generate client tokens.
API products, such as Twilio, Google Maps, Facebook, and PayPal, will
offer you a service in which you can create a set of credentials for the ap -
plication you want to integrate with their services. Of course, those API
products provide an implementation in which the client ID and secret are
generated on demand and persisted on a database.
Here are other ways to do client validation:
You could extend this service to also create a client token before trying
to create the user token. The authorization service would be able to cre -
ate the user only if a valid client token were used. The other services
should also be able to validate the client token.
You can use other ready-to-go services, such as Keycloak, to create
client IDs and secrets.
There are countless other ways; these are just some options to get you
started.
The scope service
As previously mentioned, the scope service will provide the JWT  scope to -
kens from the user type. Here is the sample interface:
public interface ScopeService {
    String findScope(String userType);
}
Here is the sample implementation:
@Service
public class ScopeServiceImpl implements ScopeService
    @Override
    public String findScope(String userType) {
        if("tenant".equals(userType)) {
            return "rental_properties:read";
        }
        if("landlord".equals(userType)) {
        return
          "rental_properties:read rental_properties:w
        }
        return null;
    }
}
As you can notice, this is also a hardcoded implementation just to get you
started. Essentially , if the user is of the tenant  type, they get access to the
Rental Pr operties  service. They have read permission to this service. If the
user is a landlord, they will have both read and write permissions. This
means that landlords are able to add their own properties, whereas tenants
can only search for properties and read property details.
Here are some ways to improve this implementation:
You could change the implementation of the scope service and have it
conﬁgured on an external conﬁguration ﬁle, which allows you to have
different access scopes conﬁgured in each deployment environment (we
will see how to use external conﬁg ﬁles in the future).
You could change the implementation of the scope service and add a
scope entity and scope repository , as well as endpoints to the auth
provider . That would allow you to use an API endpoint to set which ac -
cess scope strings should be mapped for each user type.
You could create a remote scope microservice that, given a user type,
will return the access scope string. In that microservice, you are able to
conﬁgure dif ferent user types and their scope access strings as you see
ﬁt, by persisting your conﬁgurations on a separate conﬁg ﬁle or even on
a database.
There could be a way of overriding the default return of the scope ser -
vice and assigning the scopes directly to the user . So, when generating a
token, instead of trying to extract the access scope directly from the user
types, the scopes would be extracting the user ID itself. This could be
implemented in very dif ferent ways, such as in the scope service itself or
in another microservice. I would not recommend adding this feature to
the user entity in the auth provider , because it adds too much responsibil -
ity to this service.
The scope could not only create service access permissions but also gen -
erate user roles in the system, so that you could add restrictions based on
roles, not just on service operation permissions.
With these key services deﬁned, let’ s understand the role of the JWT  service
itself, which actually creates tokens.
The JWT service
Finally , let’s check how we create the tokens. Here is the JWT  service
interface:
public interface JWTService {
    TokenResponse getJWTToken(
        TokenRequest tokenRequest,
        String scope, String userId);
}
First, I want to show you a method for generating an asymmetric key pair:
private static KeyPair generateRsaKey() {
    try {
        KeyPairGenerator keyPairGenerator =
            KeyPairGenerator.getInstance("RSA");
        keyPairGenerator.initialize(2048);
        KeyPair keyPair =
            keyPairGenerator.generateKeyPair();
        // Encode the keys to Base64 strings
        String privateKeyString =
            Base64.getEncoder().encodeToString(
                keyPair.getPrivate().getEncoded());
        String publicKeyString =
            Base64.getEncoder().encodeToString(
                keyPair.getPublic().getEncoded());
        // Print the keys
        System.out.println("Private Key: " +
            privateKeyString);
        System.out.println("Public Key: " +
            publicKeyString);
        return keyPair;
    } catch (Exception ex) {
        throw new IllegalStateException(ex);
    }
}
I have used this method as a source for creating the pair I use in this imple -
mentation, but you can also use any online generator of your choice. The
advantage of knowing how to generate this pair in JavaScript is that you
could create a separate microservice just for creating an asymmetric pair for
each token request. That would make your services much more secure,
since every token request would be backed up by a new set of public and
private keys at runtime. But that also adds some more latency , due to the
fact that all microservices would need to retrieve the public key from the
key microservice. As always, it is all about trade-of fs.
This is how you load a pair of static keys:
private static KeyPair loadRsaKey() {
    // Decode the Base64 encoded strings
    byte[] privateKeyBytes = Base64.getDecoder()
        .decode("your base 64 encoded private key her
    byte[] publicKeyBytes = Base64.getDecoder()
        .decode("your base 64 encoded public key here
    // Generate PrivateKey from decoded bytes
    PKCS8EncodedKeySpec privateKeySpec =
        new PKCS8EncodedKeySpec(privateKeyBytes);
    KeyFactory keyFactory = null;
    try {
        keyFactory = KeyFactory.getInstance("RSA");
    } catch (NoSuchAlgorithmException e) {
        throw new RuntimeException(e);
    }
    PrivateKey privateKey = null;
    try {
        privateKey =
            keyFactory.generatePrivate(privateKeySpec
    } catch (InvalidKeySpecException e) {
        throw new RuntimeException(e);
    }
    // Generate PublicKey from decoded bytes
    X509EncodedKeySpec publicKeySpec =
        new X509EncodedKeySpec(publicKeyBytes);
    PublicKey publicKey = null;
    try {
        publicKey =
            keyFactory.generatePublic(publicKeySpec);
    } catch (InvalidKeySpecException e) {
        throw new RuntimeException(e);
    }
    // Create and return the KeyPair
    return new KeyPair(publicKey, privateKey);
}
In this code, I hardcoded the public and private keys, but you could add
them to an external conﬁg ﬁle as well, or even to a database.
Lastly , this is how we generate the JWT  token:
@Override
public TokenResponse getJWTToken(TokenRequest tokenRe
    String scope, String userId) {
    try {
        KeyPair keyPair = loadRsaKey();
        RSAPublicKey publicKey = (RSAPublicKey)
             keyPair.getPublic();
        PrivateKey privateKey = keyPair.getPrivate();
        Date issueTime = new Date();
        Date expiry = new Date(
            System.currentTimeMillis() + 3600000);
        JWTClaimsSet claimsSet = new JWTClaimsSet.Bui
                .subject(userId)
                .issueTime(issueTime)
                .claim("scope", scope)
                .expirationTime(expiry) // 1 hour
                .build();
        String keyId =
            "fab38aa6-d05b-4ab8-b045-8362b90acfdf";
        SignedJWT signedJWT = new SignedJWT(
            new JWSHeader.Builder(JWSAlgorithm.RS256)
                .keyID(keyId).build(),claimsSet);
        signedJWT.sign(new RSASSASigner(privateKey));
        String jwtToken = signedJWT.serialize();
        return new TokenResponse(
            jwtToken, "Bearer", "3600", scope );
    } catch (Exception e) {
        throw new RuntimeException(
            "Error creating token",e);
    }
}
This method expects a TokenRequest , which is implemented as follows:
public record TokenRequest (String grant_type,
                            String username,
                            String password,
                            String client_id,
                            String client_secret){}
As you can notice, the getJWTToken()  method also expects the user ID.
You can see in this code that the expiration date is calculated in 3,600,000
milliseconds after the current time, which translates to 60 minutes. As men -
tioned before, depending on your use case, you can set the duration in any
way you want. It could be for an entire year if you want. There are some
cases in which an entire year for token expiration could make sense, such as
read-only tokens for low-value information.
The key ID is another interesting thing. In this implementation, I just added
a static ID, but if you had an external microservice just for generating keys,
you would be able to return the key ID here. Hence, when a microservice
receives your JWT  token, you would be able to retrieve the key ID and re -
quest the public key from your keys microservice.
TokenResponse  is actually an implementation from the authorization
service code. Here it is:
public record TokenResponse(
        String access_token,
        String token_type,
        String expires_in,
        String scope
){}
That is all there is to JWT  generation.
The UserController class
In order to create our UserController  class – the entry point for both
registering a user and creating a valid, signed token – this is the opening:
@RestController
@RequestMapping("/users")
public class UserController {
    private final UserService userService;
    private final ClientService clientService;
    private final JWTService jwtService;
    private final ScopeService scopeService;
    public UserController(UserService userService,
        ClientService clientService, JWTService jwtSe
        ScopeService scopeService) {
        this.userService = userService;
        this.clientService = clientService;
        this.jwtService = jwtService;
        this.scopeService = scopeService;
    }
In other words, we inject four services: UserService ,
ClientService , JWTService , and ScopeService .
Next, let’ s check how to register a user:
@PostMapping("/register")
public ResponseEntity<UserDTO> registerUser(
    @RequestBody UserDTO userDto) {
    return userService.createUser(
        userDto.email(), userDto.password(),
        userDto.user_type())
    .map(ResponseEntity::ok)
    .orElse(ResponseEntity.badRequest().build());
}
Creating a user is a very simple task. If the creation is not successful, we re -
turn 400 – bad request. That means something was not correct in the user
creation. In this implementation, I do not want to add too much information
to the clients, since this could lead to potential vulnerabilities. Considering
security , if you return too many details, hackers can make use of them.
This is how I have implemented the endpoint for creating a signed JWT
token:
@PostMapping(
        value = "/token",
        produces = "application/json",
        consumes = "application/json")
public ResponseEntity<TokenResponse>
    createToken(@RequestBody TokenRequest tokenReques
    if(!"password".equals(tokenRequest.grant_type()))
        return
            ResponseEntity.status(
                HttpStatus.UNAUTHORIZED).build();
    }
    if(!clientService.validateClient(
        tokenRequest.client_id(),
        tokenRequest.client_secret())) {
        return ResponseEntity.status(
            HttpStatus.UNAUTHORIZED).build();
    }
    if(!userService.validateUser(
        tokenRequest.username(),
        tokenRequest.password())) {
        return ResponseEntity.status(
            HttpStatus.UNAUTHORIZED).build();
    }
    UserDTO foundUser =
        userService.findByEmail(
            tokenRequest.username()).get();
    return ResponseEntity.ok(
        jwtService.getJWTToken(tokenRequest,
            scopeService.findScope(
                foundUser.user_type()),
                foundUser.id()));
}
As you can see, I wrote four dif ferent security tests and all of them should
return an UNAUTHORIZED  HTTP  status code ( 401) if something goes
wrong. Again, we do not want to give too much detail, as hackers could use
those details to guide themselves while trying to exploit your service.
The configuration file
Last but not least, I have added an external conﬁguration ﬁle to this imple -
mentation, which is located in the resources  folder and is named ap-
plication.yml  – Spring just “knows” how to read the ﬁle from that
place and set as conﬁg variables in your application:
spring:
  application:
    name:authprovider
  datasource:
    url: jdbc:h2:mem:testdb
    driverClassName: org.h2.Driver
    username: sa
    password: password
  h2:
    console: true
    enabled: true
  jpa:
    hibernate:
      ddl-auto: update
    show-sql: true
server:
  port: 8081
I set the server port as 8081 , to not clash with the RentalProperties
service, which already uses port 8080 .
Using the service
When running this Spring application on my local machine, these are two
requests I can make:
Creating a user : By using curl, I can send the following request:
curl --request POST \
  --url http://localhost:8081/users/register \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '{
    "email": user@example.com,
    "password": "userpass",
    "user_type": "tenant"
}' -vvvvv
This is the response I get:
{
    "id": "10a66b7f-134f-437f-a58f-ad15447c05a0",
    "email": user@example.com,
    "password": null,
    "user_type": "tenant"
}
The password will be null, of course, since it would be unsafe to send the
password once more through the network.
Creating a JWT  token : This is the body of the request. We basically
state that we are authenticating the user through the password grant type,
and provide the username, password, client ID, and secret:
{
    "grant_type": "password",
    "username": user@example.com,
    "password": "userpass",
    "client_id": "4ca8f880-0bee-4c24-88ce-3402fe7e3
    "client_secret": "b08cee2b-e79f-472b-a0b9-b2104
}
This is the answer we get back from our server:
{
  "access_token": "eyJraWQiOiJmYWIzOGFhNi1kMDViLTRh
hbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9.eyJzdWIiOiIxMGE2NmI3Zi0xMzRmLTQzN
leHAiOjE3MjA1OTAzODcsImlhdCI6MTcyMDU4Njc4Nywic2NvcG
xfcHJvcGVydGllczpyZWFkIn0.CTWh7bG9WZaXRxOj0hQ-lRzLi
TUIPxQePgEt1yI8LVl3puNFnjP_DJi7n33x9ZR3E1tqfgiDISGo
  "token_type": "Bearer",
  "expires_in": "3600",
  "scope": "rental_properties:read"
}
OK, this is it for the authorization service. Let’ s jump now to the changes
added to the Rental Pr operties  service, so it can validate our JWT s.
Adding Spring Security to the Rental
Properties service
In order to add security conﬁgurations to the Rental Pr operties  service,
these are the steps we need to go through:
1. Add the Spring Security dependencies.
2. Set the conﬁguration ﬁles.
3. Set the security conﬁguration class.
4. Add annotations to protected endpoints.
Let’s go over each of these in detail in the next few subsections.
Adding the Spring Security dependencies
In the dependencies section of the build.gradle  ﬁle, add these
libraries:
implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-
implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-
As you know , the starter-security  dependency provides the basic
security ﬁlter infrastructure, and the OAuth 2.0 resource server dependency
will help us secure our endpoints with the right JWT  validation.
Setting the configuration files
To use the resource server built-in JWT  validation feature from the OAuth
2.0 resource server dependency , we need to create an applica-
tion.properties  ﬁle in our rental properties resource folder and add
the following entries:
spring.application.name=Rental-Property-App
spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.jwt.public-key-
You may remember that both auth providers used a YAML  ﬁle instead of
the .properties  we are using here. Spring supports both ﬁle types for
externalizing conﬁgurations.
As you can see, the OAuth 2.0 resource server dependency provides a de -
fault conﬁguration for acquiring the public key . Since we are using the
classpath, we just need to add the public key as a ﬁle inside the resource
folder as well, with our Base64-encoded public key in it. This is the loca -
tion of both the application.properties  and public.key  ﬁles:
Figure 8.6: Conﬁguration ﬁles location
Now , let’s implement the security conﬁguration object, which is an impor -
tant Spring bean on your authorization service.
Setting the security configuration class
This is how we conﬁgure Spring Security in the Rental Pr operties  service.
Here’ s the class declaration:
@Configuration
@EnableWebSecurity
@EnableMethodSecurity
public class SecurityConfig {
    protected DefaultSecurityFilterChain
        configure(HttpSecurity http) throws Exception
        http.csrf(AbstractHttpConfigurer::disable)
        .sessionManagement(
            httpSecuritySessionManagementConfigurer -
                httpSecuritySessionManagementConfigur
                    .sessionCreationPolicy(
                        SessionCreationPolicy.STATELE
        http.authorizeHttpRequests(
        authorizeRequests ->
            authorizeRequests.anyRequest()
                .authenticated())
    .oauth2ResourceServer(oauth2ResourceServer ->
        oauth2ResourceServer.jwt(jwt ->
            jwt.jwtAuthenticationConverter(new
                JwtAuthenticationConverter())));
        return http.build();
    }
}
By declaring the annotations at the class level, we are saying Spring
Security should provide method-level and Spring Web security features.
This conﬁg class should be annotated with @Configuration , so that
Spring knows that this is a bean class and should be instantiated in the ap-
plication start.
Next, we disable CSRF security , agreeing to let any domain call our API.
We also set this service as a stateless microservice. Finally , we declare that
any request should be authenticated. Through the OAuth 2.0 resource server
dependency , we are also saying that the JWT s sent through the bearer token
will be converted to an Authentication object.
As Spring Security provides many dif ferent ways of authenticating a user ,
you need to provide information on your security conﬁg class as to how the
users should be authenticated. In our case, we are just declaring that JWT s
should be considered proof of authentication. The magic with this depen -
dency is that, since we have already provided the public key in our conﬁgu -
ration ﬁles, the dependency will use that to validate our token signature.
This is all provided out of the box.
Now , this alone will make Spring validate the signatures of the JWT  tokens
in your resource servers. Now , if you are generating dif ferent key pairs for
each token (this is not a common scenario, since the computational cost is
pretty high to do it), you can provide a new JWTDecoder  implementation
class that would retrieve the key from the key ID contained in the JWT
token.
Another interesting thing: if you want to see how the OAuth 2.0 resource
server dependency works under the hood, you can look at the source code
of the NimbusJWTDecoder  class. The decode()  method is the one that
provides that implementation. If you are using IntelliJ or another good IDE,
you can even download the source code and documentation, then add a
breakpoint to the decode()  method and see the JWT  decoder working in
real time. It is possible to inspect all variables and methods.
Adding annotations to protected endpoints
Now that we have validated our JWT , we need to make sure the user is au -
thorized to use the endpoints. Remember , if the user is a landlord, we want
them to be able to access all rental property edition endpoints, as well as
endpoints that just read properties. If the user is a tenant, they should be
able to just retrieve rental properties, and not edit them.
The main change I added to our RentalProperties  service is in the
RentalPropertyController  class. Here, are two examples of the
changes made:
@PostMapping(
    consumes = "application/json",
    produces = "application/json")
@PreAuthorize(
    "hasAuthority('SCOPE_rental_properties:write')")
public ResponseEntity<RentalPropertyDTO> createProper
    @Valid @RequestBody RentalPropertyDTO property) {
    RentalPropertyDTO createdRentalProperty
            = jpaRentalPropertyService.create(propert
    return ResponseEntity.status(HttpStatus.CREATED)
        .body(createdRentalProperty);
}
In this endpoint, we basically added a @PreAuthorize  annotation with
the use of the Spring Expr ession Language  (SpEL ). In this case, we are
requiring that the user has the power to write a rental property .
This other endpoint is the one that allows us to retrieve a property:
@GetMapping(
    value = "/{id}",
    produces = "application/json")
@PreAuthorize("hasAuthority('SCOPE_rental_properties:
public ResponseEntity<RentalPropertyDTO> getPropertyB
    @PathVariable UUID id) {
    return jpaRentalPropertyService.get(id)
        .map(ResponseEntity::ok)
        .orElse(ResponseEntity.status(HttpStatus.NOT_
            .body(null));
}
In this case, we have used the same PreAuthorize  annotation to make
sure the user has the read property .
Bear in mind that the scopes created in our authorization server should
match the ones we are requiring here. The format is <service>:<ac -
cesslevel> . The SCOPE_  preﬁx is a default string that the OAuth 2.0
dependency adds to your parsed JWT .
Also, you are able to use @PreAuthorize  in any method from any ser -
vice – not just on endpoints. This can bring great security customization to
your resource servers.
Here are two other formats, among many , that you can use on your method-
level validations:
@PreAuthorize("hasRole('ROLE_ADMIN')")
@PreAuthorize("hasRole('ROLE_ADMIN') and has-
Authority('SCOPE_write:rental-properties')")
If you are interested in method-level permissions like that, Spring Security
has a lot of options, including custom permissions you can create yourself.
Also, these other annotations can be used in case you want more ﬂexibility
on how to leverage these security restrictions:
@Secured : Simpler role-based access control
@RolesAllowed : Another annotation for role-based access control
@PostAuthorize : Post-execution authorization checks
@PreFilter  and @PostFilter : Allow you to ﬁlter any object col -
lections based on a security directive (for instance, only return rental
properties that belong to a user)
Now , let’s implement a very important aspect of your system’ s security ,
which is to restrict the access rights to the owners of the objects only .
Adding ownership security restrictions
Imagine a hacker acquires a token by registering as a landlord on your web -
site, then decides to for ge a request to delete a rental property added by an -
other landlord. With the current implementation, your rental service will
validate the JWT  and the delete endpoint will allow the request to be pro -
cessed, right? After all, the JWT  is legit, and landlords have the ability to
delete a rental property . With the current implementation, we could even
have a landlord trying to create a rental property on another landlord’ s ac-
count. You must be very careful about this kind of stuf f. For instance, we
could have a landlord trying to reconﬁgure another landlord’ s bank account
so that they can receive payment from contracts that do not belong to them.
These sample implementations do not enforce ownership. So, for example,
to ensure a landlord is only allowed to delete their own rental properties,
you can basically inject a special Spring Security bean called an
Authentication object in the controller endpoint you want to enforce this re -
striction for . Take this example:
@DeleteMapping("/{id}")
@PreAuthorize(
    "hasAuthority('SCOPE_rental_properties:write')")
public ResponseEntity<Void> deleteProperty(
    @PathVariable UUID id, Authentication authenticat
        throws ParseException {
    Jwt jwt = (Jwt) authentication.getPrincipal();
    String userId = jwt.getClaim("sub");
    return entityManagerRentalPropertyService
        .delete(id,userId)
        .map(opt ->
            ResponseEntity.noContent()
                .<Void>build())
        .orElse(ResponseEntity
            .status(HttpStatus.NOT_FOUND).build());
}
But where does this Authentication object come from? In Spring Security ,
all authorized requests will produce an Authentication object behind the
curtains, after the security ﬁlters approve the request. This interface is built
out from whatever authentication mechanism you used, and it’ s basically an
object representing the authenticated user , with whatever important data is
available. Another example is this: you can conﬁgure Spring Security to
provide a login form and look for your user details in your company’ s exist -
ing database. Once the user is authenticated with those special providers, an
Authentication object is instantiated and attached to a session cookie, and it
is provided on each request; you can just inject it. But that is a completely
different Spring Security conﬁguration that is beyond the scope of this
scope.
As you can notice, the Authentication object in our implementation will ba -
sically be an instance of a JWT  token object, which was the authentication
mechanism used, and we can retrieve the user ID from the Subject claim.
Remember how we set the user ID as the token subject in our authorization
service? Here is why .
I have also changed the RentalPropertyService  interface to support
a userId  argument as the granted user in the delete()  method. Also, I
added a change to the implementation of entityManagerRental -
PropertyService . See the following lines, in which we ensure the
deletion is only processed if the owner of the rental property is requesting
it:
@Override
public Optional<RentalPropertyDTO>
    delete(UUID id, String userId) {
    EntityManager entityManager =
        entityManagerFactory.createEntityManager();
    EntityTransaction transaction =
        entityManager.getTransaction();
    RentalPropertyDTO dto;
    try {
        transaction.begin();
        RentalProperty property = entityManager
            .find(RentalProperty.class, id);
        if(!property.getLandlordID()
            .toString().equals(userId)) {
            transaction.rollback();
            return Optional.empty();
        }
        dto = RentalPropertyConverter.toDTO(property)
        entityManager.remove(property);
        transaction.commit();
    } catch (Exception e) {
        if (transaction.isActive()) {
            transaction.rollback();
        }
        throw e;
    } finally {
        entityManager.close();
    }
    return Optional.ofNullable(dto);
}
Essentially , if the property does not belong to the authenticated user , it will
be impossible to delete it. Also, the system will consider the property to be
“not found.”
OK, this last topic took us further into securing our apps using Spring
Security .
Implementing and using refresh tokens
Another important aspect of OAuth 2.0 authentication is what we call re -
fresh tokens. A refresh token is a second token used to re-generate the user
token, in case the ﬁrst token expires. There are some considerations re -
quired when using refresh tokens.
First, the refresh token is especially important if you do not want your user
to input their username and password again once the main token expires –
which might be valid if your user token has an especially short duration.
But that bears a controversial question: why should a user token be short-
lived?
Let’s say we are working on a banking mobile app. You do not want the
JWT  token to live for more than two minutes under user inactivity , right? In
that case, it might make sense to create a very short-lived token (let’ s say ,
an expiry time of one minute) and a refresh token (it could have an eight-
hour expiry time). If your user has used the app in the last 60 seconds, you
can use the refresh token to renew the main token. If the user spends more
than one minute without using it, your app can revoke both tokens and the
app will sign the user out. That is probably a good way of renewing the ac -
cess and keeping security constraints very tight.
The problem with very long-lived refresh tokens is that they could be used
by an attacker to get access to a valid user token without the need for the
user credentials (login and password).
In most cases, you just need a regular user token. Let’ s say that, in HomeIt,
we set our expiry date to one entire week. The user could just stay logged in
and would occasionally be required to sign in again. In this case, you can
also use refresh tokens to avoid a jarring user experience. The token might
expire right when the user is doing an important operation, for example, and
they’re required to log in again. You need to evaluate the volume of events
where that happens to users, in order to decide whether you need a refresh
token or not. Again, this just means balancing trade-of fs.
Consider another important aspect of refresh tokens. You might make re -
fresh tokens JWT  tokens as well, with a dif ferent scope. Since the refresh
token is only used to renew the user token, the scope does not need to in -
clude other operations in the system, only the access to a speciﬁc endpoint
that allows generating a user token out from a refresh token. And the only
place that validates the refresh token, of course, is the authorization server
itself.
When programming the refresh token, you will want to receive the same re -
quest payload as you sent with the creation of the original token for the ﬁrst
time, but this time the grant type is refresh_token . Take this example:
{
    "grant_type":"refresh_token",
    "refresh_token":"YOUR_REFRESH_TOKEN",
    "client_id":"YOUR_CLIENT_ID",
    "client_secret":"YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET"
}
Whenever you generate a new user token, you can also re-generate the re -
fresh token. This is a sample payload you can use in all your token creation
response payloads:
{
    "access_token":"NEW_ACCESS_TOKEN",
    "token_type":"Bearer",
    "expires_in":3600,
    "refresh_token":"NEW_REFRESH_TOKEN"
}
That’ s all! Let’ s go ahead and wrap this chapter up now .
Summary
In this chapter , we discussed many important security aspects of a Spring
application, and more speciﬁcally , diverse ways in which you can write
OAuth 2.0-enabled implementations. We learned how JWT  tokens work,
and how tokens can be signed and veriﬁed in a very secure way without the
need for multiple applications to connect over and over again to the autho -
rization services. As you can imagine, there are a multitude of ways to im -
plement OAuth 2.0 ﬂows, and it all comes back to how your company is
doing it. When joining a new Spring project, make sure to ask how the to -
kens are generated and validated. You now have a lot of conceptual and
practical understanding to consider which security trade-of fs your architec -
ture is taking. You will also be able to ask powerful questions such as the
following:
If an attacker manages to ﬁnd our signature keys and secrets, how can
we rotate with minimum ef fort?
Why do we use the current token with the current expiry date?
Do we need refresh tokens? Why?
And that’ s it! In the next chapter , we will investigate how to make commu -
nication happen between services. We will also explore how to test our apps
now that we want dif ferent services to work well together . See you there!
9
High-Performance Secure
Communication Between Spring
Services
Welcome to Chapter 9 ! This is quite an intense chapter in which we are go -
ing to delve into three key topics for creating your Spring microservice
architecture.
In this chapter , we will expand on how to implement Spring APIs, but this
time with very high performance, using Spring WebFlux. We will also talk
about how to have your services communicate with each other , and make it
happen in a more secure way . Here’ s a breakdown of our topics:
Service communication made easy
Adding more security to HomeIt authentication
Writing a high-performance service with Spring WebFlux
Connecting services with API requests
Writing API integration tests with RestAssured
Since we are connecting services in an intricate way now , it is imperative
that we go beyond just unit tests and isolated API tests. In this chapter , you
will learn how to use a powerful tool called RestAssured that will run re -
quests through your whole set of services, to make sure they can work to -
gether . Are you excited? I know I am. Let’s go!
Technical requirements
For this chapter , you will be required to refer to the code in our Git reposi -
tory. All the code for Chapter 9  is here:
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -09.
Service communication made easy
If we are developing  microservices, it is a given fact that each service will
need to communicate with other services. If we are developing RESTful
services, that means one service should be able to send api http  requests
to other services.
In Spring, there are three main ways to communicate through REST  APIs:
RestT emplate : This is the basic HTTP  client used by many applications.
It makes it quite easy to ﬁre any HTTP  request and convert the JSON re -
sponse  back to Data Transfer  Objects  (DTOs).
Feign client : This is a  client that allows us to declare HTTP  requests
with annotations in Java interfaces directly . This allows seamless inte -
gration with Spring Cloud, which makes service discovery easier .
WebClient : This is a non-blocking HTTP  client, and it is a part of
WebFlux  dependency . If you need very high throughput, you should use
this one.
Next, let’ s look at examples of how services can communicate with each
other . We will be using the HomeIt  project as the playground to build that
inter-service communication. In this chapter , we will show you how to use
RestTemplate  to ﬁre the API requests. The use of the Feign client and
WebClient  will come in Chapter 12  when we talk about adding opti -
mizations to our code.
Adding more security to HomeIt
authentication
Suppose you want to  protect your application from a token breach. That is a
case where a malicious user interacts with your app with a valid token, to
exploit some vulnerability in your system. It could be a stolen token, a
client app takeover , or any other way in which tokens could be used to give
hackers access to a forbidden set of functions in your system.
In such circumstances, it is always great to have a way to revoke a token. In
our HomeIt system, we will develop what we call  the Revoke Token
Service . That service will possess just two endpoints: one will be a POST
request for revoking a token, and the other endpoint will implement a GET
method, so we know if any given token is revoked.
The Revoke Token service will be consumed in our app by the Rental
Property Service , during Spring Security token validation . In that way , it
will be possible for your microservices to always check whether a token is
in good condition, or whether it was manually revoked by you or automati -
cally revoked by other microservices.
The following diagram  explains what we will implement here:
Figure 9.1: The HomeIt authentication ﬂow
To make sure all services can  work in sync, we will create a test suite that
simulates our users and their client applications, allowing us to run end-to-
end tests that fully cover a portion of our user journey . This includes inter -
actions between a landlord and a tenant with our backend system. To
achieve this, we will use a tool called RestAssured .
What is RestAssured?
RestAssur ed is not actually a part of the Spring ecosystem, but it is very
useful. It makes it extremely easy to write REST  API calls, which we can
then check to ensure they work correctly .
Because all services should work together and communicate with each oth -
er seamlessly , we call this testing suite  an integrated test . That contrasts
with unit tests, in which we test single classes in an isolated manner using
mock objects. It is also dif ferent from testing a single microservice in isola -
tion with the @SpringBootTest  annotation. And because we are trying
to simulate entire system use, we can also call it an end-to-end test.
The client application will be used by landlords and tenants to generate
their user credentials and access tokens, so they can create and retrieve
rental properties in our system. Across this path, we will ensure the respons -
es are good enough and allow us to fully implement the conversation be-
tween services.
It is especially important to mention that we will add some functionality to
the Rental Property Service, in such a way that every time one of its end -
points is called, instead of just verifying the JWT  signature, it can also ﬁre
an API request to the Revoke Token Service to verify that the token is not
revoked. That is important since the Rental Property Service cannot by it -
self decide/distinguish whether the user token was or should be revoked or
not.
Another important thing to consider for a microservice such as Revoke
Token is this: when your application has a security ﬁlter for revoking access
tokens in real time, every microservice should call the Revoke Token
Service to make sure the token is still valid. Because of that, the Revoke
Token Service might suf fer from a heavy load and will receive thousands of
simultaneous requests if you have too many services. To make sure the
Revoke Token service can handle the requests more appropriately , we will
write this service with Spring WebFlux – so that you understand how to cre -
ate non-blocking services that can scale much better than Spring Web.
Okay , let’s get down to business.
Writing a high-performance service
with WebFlux
The ﬁrst thing we need to do to write a Spring Web Flux microservice is, of
course, to generate the app using the Spring Initializr  website
(https://start.spring.io/ ). In this example, I am generating a barebones appli -
cation with the following options:
Figure 9.2: Creating the Revoke token with Spring Initializr
You do not need to select a  dependency on this screen. Once you click on
Generate  and download your app, just add the following dependencies to
the build.gradle  ﬁle in the dependencies  section:
dependencies {
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    implementation 'io.r2dbc:r2dbc-h2'
    implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-b
    implementation 'org.springframework.security:spri
    implementation 'org.springframework.security:spri
}
The starter-webflux  dependency will guarantee that the service is
blazing fast compared to serving requests with Spring Web.
The starter-data-r2dbc  dependency will guarantee that your data -
base connection also supports non-blocking operations.
To recap, a non-blocking operation (also called a reactive operation) allows
your Java thread to remain free while an I/O task (such as a database query ,
network request, or ﬁle access) is in progress. When such a task is initiated,
the thread doesn’ t wait idly; instead, it becomes available to handle other
tasks. Once the I/O operation completes, the original task is resumed, as -
signed to a thread, and continues processing as usual.
On top of the WebFlux and R2DBC dependencies, we are adding Spring
Security dependencies, so that our Revoke Token Service can deal with au -
thentication, as usual. You do not want this service to be accessible without
proper credentials.
Looking at the Revoke Token Service
folder structure
The Revoke Token Service is very simple, as it just supports two endpoints:
one for revoking the token and another for checking whether a given token
is revoked.
The whole microservice can be seen in our project repository , here:
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -09/revoke-token-service
Now , please take  a few seconds to look at the project structure:
Figure 9.3: The Revoke Token Service properties ﬁle location
The ﬁrst thing we are going to do is to set the properties ﬁle in the next
subsection.
Writing the Revoke Token Service
properties file
We will create a ﬁle called application.properties , in the re-
sources  folder , as you saw in Figur e 9.3.
The following lines should be added to the properties ﬁle:
spring.application.name=revoke-token-service
spring.r2dbc.url=r2dbc:h2:mem:///revokedtokendb
spring.r2dbc.username = sa
spring.r2dbc.password = password
spring.h2.console.enabled = true
spring.sql.init.mode = always
logging.level.org.springframework.data.r2dbc.core=DEB
logging.level.io.r2dbc.h2=DEBUG
server.port=8082
These  lines will ensure the following:
The in-memory database connection is created
You can see every SQL  query that is happening in the service at runtime
The server is instantiated at port 8082 , since the other services are al -
ready being exposed at ports 8080  and 8081
Writing the database schema file
The R2DBC dependency does not work like Spring Data, in the sense that
you need to create the database schema in a dif ferent way . In this case, we
are adding a schema ﬁle in the resources  folder , such that Spring can
take that schema ﬁle to write the database tables if they do not exist. Here it
is:
CREATE TABLE revoked_tokens (
    REVOKED VARCHAR(1024) PRIMARY KEY
);
The Revoke Token Service database is simple: we just need one table and
one column to store the revoked tokens.
Writing the Revoke Token Service
persistence layer
Please  look  at how simple it is to write an Entity  class to store our re-
voked tokens:
@Table("revoked_tokens")
public class RevokedToken {
    private String revoked;
    public RevokedToken(String revoked) {
        this.revoked = revoked;
    }
    public String getRevoked() {
        return revoked;
    }
    public void setRevoked(String token) {
        this.revoked = token;
    }
}
As you can see, the RevokedToken  class is a very simple entity class that
has just one attribute, called revoked , which represents our revoked
token.
The @Table  annotation deﬁnes the name of the table itself, the schema for
which was deﬁned in the schema ﬁle.
Next, take a quick look at our repository interface:
public interface RevokedTokenRepository extends
     ReactiveCrudRepository<RevokedToken, String> {
         Mono<RevokedToken> getByRevoked(String token
}
As you can  see, we just need a custom method for querying the revoked to -
ken from the database. Since the schema deﬁnes the revoked  column as
the primary key , that query will result in a very fast search.
Bear in  mind, for a second, that this repository class extends the
ReactiveCrudRepository  interface. What that does is give you ac -
cess to a dif ferent return type for your queries. This is key to understanding
reactive versus blocking services.
Reactive versus blocking services
When  you write blocking services, you always call functions that return the
actual object you are expecting to handle. So far , every time you do a data -
base call using Spring Data, what you get back from the method call is the
actual database Entity  object. That means the code needs to wait for the
entire database I/O operation to give you that object. In Java terms, that nor -
mally means your thread is basically stalled, waiting for your return type.
That is what gives you a lot less performance, even if you use the virtual
threads feature. It will be faster than the standard thread handling but less
performative than reactive operations, which are non-blocking—in other
words, it does not occupy your thread indeﬁnitely .
When dealing with reactive programming, you will ﬁnd two types of return
objects that you have to carry across your execution stack:
Mono<T> : This means your return type will be delivered in the future,
whenever the I/O operations are resolved. When working with a Mono
object, your return type (i.e., your database object) is encapsulated inside
the Mono  interface.
Flux<T> : This means your return type is a series of objects of type T
that will be delivered in the future when the I/O operations are resolved.
Think about this as a stream of objects.
In both  cases, when working with Mono<T>  of Flux<T>  interfaces, you
will be able to handle the return objects by working with a functional pro -
gramming style. What does that mean? It basically means you will use the
type of syntax that resembles the Java Stream API. We will see some exam -
ples of that and we will explain more about what it implies for your API
runtime execution.
Writing the Revoke Token service class
The Service  class  now  can be written, and it will access the repository
both to save and to query for the revoked token:
@Service
public class RevokeTokenService {
    private final RevokedTokenRepository repository;
    public RevokeTokenService(
        RevokedTokenRepository repository) {
        this.repository = repository;
    }
    public Mono<RevokedToken> revokeToken(String toke
        return repository.save(new RevokedToken(token
    }
    public Mono<RevokedToken>
        getRevokedToken(String token){
        return repository.getByRevoked(token);
    }
}
As you can see, both methods just deal with a Mono<RevokedToken>
object, meaning you will be able to return a Mono  – a function that will re -
turn the RevokedToken  object, whenever the database can retrieve it for
you.
Notice that you need to avoid resolving the Mono<T>  or Flux<T>  any-
where in your entire application. Your work is basically to chain methods in
a functional way , and return those execution pipelines in your controllers,
so that the Spring WebFlux dependency itself can resolve and schedule the
pipelines, and also pause them, as the I/O operations start and return data.
By returning those pipelines to your controller , you ensure that your code is
non-blocking and reactive.
You have methods for extracting objects from the Mono  and Flux  inter -
faces immediately . But that means you risk your code becoming more com -
plex and even blocking at some points.
Spring WebFlux is the type of dependency that deserves a whole book since
it is a very important project that allows you to write high-performing ser -
vices. In this chapter , we will basically show you a very quick intro, so that
you can understand the concept.
Let’s write the controller now . In the WebFlux language, we say we will
write the Handler  class.
Writing a reactive endpoint Handler class
This is how you write a Handler  class that can deal with your requests
and call your service class:
@Component
public class RevokeTokenHandler {
    private final RevokeTokenService revokeTokenServi
    public RevokeTokenHandler(
        RevokeTokenService revokeTokenService) {
        this.revokeTokenService = revokeTokenService;
    }
    public Mono<ServerResponse> revokeToken(
        ServerRequest request) {
        String token = request
            .queryParam("token").orElse("");
        return revokeTokenService
            .revokeToken(token)
            .flatMap(revokedToken ->
                ServerResponse.status(201)
                    .contentType(
                        MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON)
                    .bodyValue(revokedToken))
            .switchIfEmpty(
                ServerResponse.badRequest().build())
            .onErrorResume(error ->
                ServerResponse.badRequest().build());
    }
    public Mono<ServerResponse> isTokenRevoked(
        ServerRequest request) {
        String token = request
            .queryParam("token").orElse("");
        return revokeTokenService.getRevokedToken(tok
            .flatMap(revokedToken ->
                ServerResponse.ok()
                    .contentType(
                        MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON)
                    .bodyValue(
                        revokedToken.getRevoked()))
            .switchIfEmpty(
                ServerResponse.noContent().build());
    }
}
This is  an example in which you can see the entire WebFlux writing style.
In the revokeToken()  method, you would extract the token parameter
from the request object your HTTP  client has sent you. You would then call
the revokeToken  service, which would return a
Mono<RevokedToken>  object. From that object, you would write a re -
active pipeline, which matches the functional programming style as we
write it in the Java Streams API way . The flatMap()  method would ex -
tract the RevokedToken  object from your Mono  interface and then turn it
into a ServerResponse.io()  object. We are saying we want to return
our RevokedToken  object as JSON.
You might have noticed that, so far , I have not included a translation from
our RevokedToken  entity object to any DT Os. That is because the
Revoke Token Service is fairly simple, so we can make it even simpler by
breaking a rule here. If this service becomes more complex and with fairly
complicated business rules, you should deﬁnitely refactor it to include
DTOs and translation processes, so that you can isolate your database object
implementation from your network JSON object implementation.
Still in the revokeToken()  method, if any error occurs – for example, if
we try to revoke  the same token twice, we will simply return bad request
HTTP  code, with no details. You might want to extend this service to match
some other particular use case. I am just giving you a barebones implemen -
tation so that you can understand the WebFlux implementation concept
itself.
The isTokenRevoked()  method is very similar to revokeToken() .
But instead of trying to revoke a token, you are basically asking the service
to return the token if it is revoked. If the token is not present in the data -
base, you will get an empty Mono , which will then return a 204 – no
content  HTTP  return code. That means your token is not revoked.
Next, we will show you how to assign the URI endpoints.
Writing the RouterConfig and resource
addresses
This is how you ﬁnally use your handlers to create endpoints in Spring
WebFlux – see the following code:
@Configuration
public class RouterConfig {
    @Bean
    public RouterFunction<ServerResponse>
        route(RevokeTokenHandler handler) {
        return RouterFunctions
            .route(RequestPredicates.POST(
                "/api/revoke-tokens"),
                handler::revokeToken)
            .andRoute(RequestPredicates.GET(
                "/api/revoke-tokens"),
                handler::isTokenRevoked);
    }
}
As you  will notice, the RouterConfig  class is the equivalent of the
controller  class in a Spring Web project. But instead of writing several
methods, one for each URL  and endpoint, you will write a route()
method that injects your handler  class instance as a Spring bean. You
will annotate this route()  method with the @Bean annotation ,
meaning Spring Boot will call this method at the beginning of the applica -
tion lifecycle, in order to instantiate the RouterFunctions  Spring bean.
The RouterFunctions  implementation you see in the route()
method is what actually deﬁnes your endpoints. You can pass the method
references from your handler  class to the route()  and addRoute()
methods so that you can deﬁne which URLs should be handled by which
handler methods.
Last but not least, we need to write the security conﬁg ﬁle, so that requests
to your Revoke Token Service are secured by a speciﬁc application ID and
secret you can conﬁgure.
Writing a customized Basic authorization
filter
Here’ s an example of how we should write the Spring Security ﬁlter in a
way that includes App ID and secret validation for every endpoint in a sin -
gle place. That is in contrast to what we did in the RentalProperty  ser-
vice, in which the controller methods validated the ID and secret directly:
@Configuration
@EnableWebFluxSecurity
public class SecurityConfig {
    private static final String APP_ID = "myAppId";
    private static final String APP_SECRET = "mySecre
    @Bean
    public SecurityWebFilterChain
        securityWebFilterChain(ServerHttpSecurity htt
        return http
            .authorizeExchange(spec ->
                spec.anyExchange().authenticated())
            .httpBasic(authConfigurer ->
                authConfigurer.authenticationManager(
                    authentication -> {
                        String principal =
                            authentication.getName();
                        String credentials = authenti
                            .getCredentials().toStrin
                        if (APP_ID.equals(principal) 
                            APP_SECRET.equals(
                                credentials)){
                            Authentication auth = new
                    UsernamePasswordAuthenticationTok
                                principal, credential
                                Collections.emptyList
                            return Mono.just(auth);
                        } else {
                            return Mono.empty();
                            // Returning an empty Mon
                            // if authentication fail
                        }
                    }))
                .csrf(ServerHttpSecurity.CsrfSpec::di
                    .build();
    }
}
To consume the methods in the Revoke Token Service, you should ﬁre a re -
quest with a basic auth  header . That means concatenating the app ID and
secret as the user and password, in base 64 encoding.
Now , your Revoke Token microservice is entirely ready to go, built on top
of Spring WebFlux. If you are interested in writing very high-performing
services, you can see more about WebFlux in the Hands-On Reactive
Programming in Spring 5  book, from Packt Publishing: https://www .packt -
pub.com/en-us/product/hands-on-reactive-programming-in-spring-5-
9781787284951 .
We can now make some changes to the rental properties service, so that
each time you ﬁre a request to it, the Rental Properties service will also
query the Revoke Token Service to check whether the token is still valid –
that is in addition to validating the JWT  token signature itself.
Let’s see that in action next.
Connecting services with API
requests
We will  now move on to implement a simple security ﬁlter in the Rental
Properties service that will send an HTTP  request to our new Revoke Token
Service. For that, we will use the RestTemplate  Spring bean, which is
included as a dependency from the Rental Properties service:
@Service
public class RestTemplateRevokedTokenService {
    private final RestTemplate restTemplate;
    public RestTemplateRevokeTokenService(
        RestTemplate restTemplate) {
        this.restTemplate = restTemplate;
    }
    public boolean isTokenRevoked(String token) {
      String url =
        "http: //localhost:8082/api/revoke-tokens?tok
            + token;
        // Create headers and add them to the request
        HttpHeaders headers = new HttpHeaders();
        headers.set("Authorization",
            "Basic bXlBcHBJZDpteVNlY3JldA==");
            // this is a base64 encoded version
            // of the string "myAppId:mySecret",
            // which is the id and secret expected
            // by the Revoke Token Service
        HttpEntity<String> entity =
            new HttpEntity<>(headers);
        // Use exchange to send the request with head
        ResponseEntity<String> response =
            restTemplate.exchange(url,
                HttpMethod.GET, entity, String.class)
        if(response.getStatusCode().value() == 204) {
            return false;
        }
        if(response.getStatusCode().value() == 200) {
            return
                Objects.requireNonNull(response.getBo
                .contains(token);
        }
        return true;
    }
}
As you can see, this class is a Spring bean that expects to have the
RestTemplate  interface injected. That means we have to provide an
@Bean  annotated factory method, which is provided by a new
RestTemplateConfiguration  class you can see here:
@Configuration
public class RestTemplateConfiguration {
    @Bean
    public RestTemplate restTemplate() {
        return new RestTemplate();
    }
}
Once created by Spring, the RestTemplate  bean will be used across the
entire application. It is designed to be thread-safe, which means dif ferent
calls to the same bean do not share data or HTTP  connections.
RestTemplate  will manage a pool of connections for you, which means
you can do concurrent calls with no risks of overriding memory areas from
other calls.
Coming back to the RestTemplateTokenService  class, as you can
see, we have created a single method, isTokenRevoked() , which ﬁres a
request to RevokedTokenService . It includes an authorization header
with a basic credential encoded in base 64. That is our application ID and
secret. This is just to illustrate another way to authenticate your calls in oth-
er services.
We are also parsing the response object to a string, but we could parse it to
whatever objects you want, given that you can map the JSON object to that
other class. You can write your DT Os and parse the response objects to
DTOs directly .
Plus, we are doing a very simple test. If our response is 204, that means the
token is not revoked. If the response is 200, we test to see whether the to -
ken we sent is included in the response. That is the ﬁnal test that asserts that
our token is actually revoked.
That is, in essence, how you write an HTTP  request to another service.
That’ s very easy , right? Let’ s now include this service in the
RentalPropertyService  token validation ﬂow , using Spring
Security .
Adding security filters to your
authentication flow
Spring Security has a concept that we  call the Security Filter  Chain . That
means you can write as many security ﬁlters as you want for your applica -
tion, and you can chain them using the HTTP  security config  class.
First, we will write a simple security ﬁlter that will be called once per
request:
public class TokenRevocationFilter
    extends OncePerRequestFilter {
    private final RestTemplateRevokedTokenService
        revokeTokenService;
    public TokenRevocationFilter(
        RestTemplateRevokedTokenService
            revokeTokenService) {
        this.revokeTokenService = revokeTokenService;
    }
    @Override
    protected void doFilterInternal(
        HttpServletRequest request,
        HttpServletResponse response,
        FilterChain filterChain)
            throws ServletException, IOException {
        // Extract token from the Authorization heade
        String authorizationHeader = request
            .getHeader("Authorization");
        if (authorizationHeader != null &&
            authorizationHeader.startsWith("Bearer ")
            String token =
                authorizationHeader.substring(7);
            // Validate the token against
            // the revocation service
            if (revokeTokenService.isTokenRevoked(tok
                // If the token is revoked, return 40
                // Forbidden
                response.sendError(
                    HttpServletResponse.SC_FORBIDDEN,
                    "Token is revoked");
                return;
            }
        }
        // Continue the filter chain
        filterChain.doFilter(request, response);
}}
As you can see, this service injects the
RestTemplateRevokedTokenService  Spring bean, so that it can
ﬁre the request to the remote server . Another important thing is the
TokenRevocationFilter  class extends OncePerRequestFilter
– as the name suggests, it will be activated exactly one time for each HTTP
client request. Your customized ﬁlter will be called every time there is an
incoming request. The doFilterInternal()  method is what we need
to implement for the ﬁlter to allow or forbid a request. If you for get that,
your request will not be processed by the rest of the ﬁlter chain.
A customized ﬁlter brings you the responsibility for some critical things,
such as the need to manually continue the ﬁlter chain execution after apply -
ing your tests. Within the ﬁlter , you are free to play with the request and the
response object. We basically extracted the authorization header and found
the actual JWT  token to send to the Revoke Token Service. Finally , if the
ﬁlter detects that the request should not be allowed (in this example, by de -
tecting that the token is revoked), you can set the error in the response ob -
ject, just like we did in the sample code.
Now , let’s see how we need to change the SecurityConfig  class to add
this custom ﬁlter:
@Configuration
@EnableWebSecurity
@EnableMethodSecurity
public class SecurityConfig {
    private final RestTemplateRevokedTokenService
        restTemplateRevokedTokenService;
    public SecurityConfig(
        RestTemplateRevokedTokenService
            revokeTokenService){
        this.restTemplateRevokedTokenService =
            revokeTokenService;
    }
    @Bean
    protected DefaultSecurityFilterChain
        configure(HttpSecurity http) throws Exception
        return http.csrf(AbstractHttpConfigurer::disa
        .sessionManagement(session ->
            session.sessionCreationPolicy(
            SessionCreationPolicy.STATELESS))
        .authorizeHttpRequests(auth ->
            auth.anyRequest().authenticated())
        .oauth2ResourceServer(oauth2 -> oauth2
            .jwt(jwt -> jwt.jwtAuthenticationConverte
                new JwtAuthenticationConverter())))
        .addFilterBefore(
            new TokenRevocationFilter(
                restTemplateRevokedTokenService),
                BearerTokenAuthenticationFilter.class
        .build();
    }
}
You can see that this is our ﬁlter chain, and we basically added the custom
ﬁlter after adding the jwtAuthenticationConverter  ﬁlter . This will
now ensure that we call the Token Revoke service every time a user request
arrives. Having a stronger veriﬁcation like that can be very useful, but it
costs a lot of extra requests to the Revoke Token service. Since the Revoke
Token Service is a reactive service made with WebFlux, it can  handle more
requests than a simple Spring Web service. We can also improve perfor -
mance here by caching the responses from the Revoke Token Service so
that subsequent calls in a short period of time do not need to ﬁre requests to
the Revoke Token Service. We will see that in Chapter 12  when we will see
how to optimize your architecture.
Okay , so everything is in place and RentalPropertiesService  can
communicate with RevokeTokenService . Next, let’ s create a test suite
that is able to verify that the entire user ﬂow is working between services.
Writing API integration tests with
RestAssured
The Rest Assured project is not actually a part of the Spring ecosystem, but
it makes it very easy to write API tests that verify that dif ferent services can
work together . In this chapter , we will create a new project in our repo that
runs a test case in which a landlord creates a rental property and a tenant
looks at the rental property details.
Creating the project structure
To create the project structure, you can use the Spring Initializr website and
download a default project with no extra dependencies. Then, you can
delete all classes from the Java src folder . Your resulting directory struc -
ture will be this one:
Figure 9.4: The integration test project structure
This is really all you need to create your integration tests. Next, let’ s declare
some dependencies.
Declaring dependencies
Let’s now  look at the build.gradle  ﬁle, in which we declare the impor -
tant dependencies:
plugins {
    id 'java'
}
group = 'com.homeit'
version = '0.0.1-SNAPSHOT'
java {
    toolchain {
       languageVersion = JavaLanguageVersion.of(21)
    }
}
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}
dependencies {
    testImplementation 'com.fasterxml.jackson.core:ja
    testImplementation 'io.rest-assured:rest-assured:
    testImplementation 'org.junit.jupiter:junit-jupit
}
tasks.named('test') {
    useJUnitPlatform()
}
As you will notice, the only dependencies we are using here are jack-
son-databind , rest-assured , and junit-jupiter . Those three
dependencies will help us to ﬁre our requests to our services, parse the an-
swers, and verify them to make sure they are the expected ones.
With that, let’ s now see the actual test class.
Writing the actual tests
The only test method we have here is the one called endToEndFlow() .
That is because this method will contain the whole process in which the fol-
lowing occurs:
Two users are created: a landlord and a tenant
Both users have their access tokens created
The landlord creates a sample property
The tenant is able to retrieve the sample property
The tenant tries to create a property but fails
We verify that the landlord token is not revoked in the Revoke Token
Service
We then revoke the landlord token
The landlord tries to create a property but fails because their token is
now revoked
Here is the full implementation. The ﬁrst method is basically a sequence of
calls to test methods in the right order . These methods will ﬁre requests and
verify the responses using RestAssured  classes:
@Test
void endToEndFlow() {
    CreatedUser createdLandlord =
        createUserAndToken("landlord");
    CreatedUser createdTenant =
        createUserAndToken("tenant");
    CreatedProperty createdProperty =
        landlordCreatesProperty(createdLandlord);
    tenantRetrievesProperty(
        createdProperty.createdPropertyResponse(),
        createdTenant.userTokenResponse());
    tenantFailsAtCreatingProperty(createdTenant);
    verifyLandlordTokenIsNotRevoked(
        createdLandlord.userAccessToken());
    revokeLandlordToken(createdLandlord.userAccessTok
    landlordFailsAtCreatingProperty(
        createdLandlord.userId(),
        createdLandlord.userAccessToken());
}
Okay , this is  the way I like to or ganize end-to-end tests. Since they are very
dense, with a lot of test cases whose results depend on each other in just one
test ﬂow , it is just good practice to separate test cases into dif ferent meth -
ods. This makes the class easier to read and understand.
Now , let’s see how we create a landlord user – the ﬁrst method in our end-
to-end test:
private CreatedUser createUserAndToken(String userTyp
    // First request to localhost:8081
    RestAssured.baseURI = "http: //localhost/users";
    RestAssured.port = 8081;
    System.out.println("===== CREATES USER OF TYPE: "
        + userType);
    ExtractableResponse<Response> createdUserResponse
        createUser(userType);
    ExtractableResponse<Response> userTokenResponse =
        createToken(createdUserResponse.path("email")
    return new CreatedUser(createdUserResponse,
        userTokenResponse);
}
Here is where we start to see RestAssured  in action. We use baseURI
and the port to specify the tar get address for our ﬁrst request. The
ExtractableResponse  class helps to handle the server response by
using JSON path queries – we can identify the ﬁelds in our request by using
the path()  method. We created the CreatedUser  record class just to
store the values we will use later .
The createUser()  and createToken()  methods are used in se -
quence to create the landlord user and a valid JWT  access token so that the
landlord can query the Rental Properties service later .
The CreatedUser  record is fairly simple:
private record CreatedUser(
    ExtractableResponse<Response> userIdResponse,
    ExtractableResponse<Response> userTokenResponse) 
    String userAccessToken() {
       return userTokenResponse.path("access_token");
    }
    String userId() {
       return userIdResponse.path("id");
    }
}
The userAccessToken()  and userId()  utility methods were made
to facilitate extracting the values from the JSON response we receive from
the authorization service.
Making the actual requests using
RestAssured
Now , let’s see how the actual requests are made using RestAssured .
Here is the createUser()  method implementation:
private ExtractableResponse<R esponse> createUser(
    String userType) {
    return giv en()
          .contentType("applicatio n/json")
          .bo dy(userPayload(u serType)).
       when()
          .log().all()
          .post("/r egister").
       then()
          .lo g().all()
          .body("id", notNullValue())
          .body("email", endsWith("user@example.com")
          .body("user_type", equalTo(userType))
          .extract();
}
This is a brief sample of how we create a request and validate its return us -
ing RestAssured . It follows the same structure for test cases we learned
about in Chapter 6 : given , when , then . In this implementation, we are
saying that we want to ﬁre a request with a contentType  header of the
"application/json"  value, and we set the body to be the content re -
turned from the userPayload()  method – we will look at that in a bit.
We then proceed to the when()  directive, in which we set RestAssured
to log all relevant information and execute a POST  HTTP  method request to
the "/register"  endpoint. Remember , we set the tar get URI and the
port in the method that called the createUser()  method.
After ﬁring the request, we proceed with verifying that the response con -
tains the content we expect. In this case, we are also logging the response,
and we make sure that the body contains the ID of the user (a non-null val -
ue), the email ends with a speciﬁc sufﬁx, and the user type is the same one
we provided to this method. Finally , we return the value extracted from the
response.
Let’s look at the userPayload()  method implementation now:
private static Map<String, String> userPayload(
    String userType) {
    return Map.of("email",
        new Date().getTime() + "_user@example.com",
       "password", "userpass",
       "user_type", userType);
}
The userPayload()  method basically creates a map of keys/values.
That map is transparently used by RestAssured  to create the payload.
Because we will create dif ferent users, it is good to dynamically generate
the email in this utility method.
The createsLandlord()  method also contains another utility method
called createToken() . Let’ s see how it is implemented:
private ExtractableResponse<Response> createToken(
    String email) {
    return given()
          .contentType("application/json")
          .body(tokenPayload(email, "userpass")).
          when()
          .log().all()
          .post("/token").
          then()
          .log().all()
          .body("access_token", notNullValue())
          .body("token_type", equalTo("Bearer"))
          .body("expires_in", equalTo("3600"))
          .extract();
}
As you can see, this is just another RestAssured  request with the giv-
en-when-then  structure. This time, we are setting the POST  URI to
"/token" , as this is the token controller address in our authorization ser -
vice. In the then()  section, we are verifying that the "access_token"
ﬁeld is being returned in the response with a non-null value as well as
"token_type"  and the expiration date for the token.
Similarly , the rest of our end-to-end test ﬂow is composed of several
RestAssured  calls to other services and subsequent veriﬁcation of the
results. Here is the code for the revokeToken()  method, used to revoke
the landlord token and make sure they cannot register new properties:
private ExtractableResponse<Response> revokeToken(
    String token) {
    return given()
        .header("Authorization",
            "Basic bXlBcHBJZDpteVNlY3JldA==")
        .when()
            .log().all()
            .post("/api/revoke-tokens?token="+token).
        then()
            .log().all()
            .body("revoked", equalTo(token))
            .extract();
}
In this method, we are sending an Authorization  header , which basi -
cally comprises the "myAppId:mySecret"  string, parsed with Base64
encoding. This implementation calls the Revoke Token Service using the
"/API/revoke-tokens"  URI, parsing the token as a query parameter .
Also, we verify that the response contains the "revoked"  attribute, and it
contains the original token we revoked.
This is the essence of how you write an end-to-end API integration test. Of
course, to have it working, we need to make sure all services are running.
Then, it is possible to execute this  test suite by running the following
command:
> gradle test
That will trigger the end-to-end ﬂow up to its completion. If you want to
look at the entire code of our end-to-end test ﬂow , it is in the Chapter 9
code in the GitHub repo, as stated in the Technical r equir ements  section at
the beginning of this chapter .
Summary
In this chapter , we have learned many interesting things about the
following:
How to create a high-performance Spring WebFlux service that is capa -
ble of handling a lot of parallel requests
How to create extra security ﬁlters in Spring Security conﬁgurations and
how to chain them to harden your application security
How to get your services communicating with each other , through the
use of a RestTemplate  Spring bean
How to implement full end-to-end microservice integration tests that
verify a speciﬁc set of services that depend on each other are working
properly together
In the next chapter , we will continue looking at inter -service communica -
tion. But this time, we will learn how to implement it in an event-driven
way. See you there!
10
Building Asynchronous, Event-
Driven Systems With NoSQL
Databases
Welcome to Chapter 10 ! I feel really excited about this chapter , as we are
jumping to completely dif ferent topics using Spring Framework.
In this chapter , we will start by exposing some critical issues with RESTful
APIs and how integrating dif ferent systems could lead to a massive amount
of code that is hard to maintain. Then, we will present the alternative of
event-driven architectures to de-couple services.
Here are the main topics covered in this chapter:
A maintainability issue with RESTful APIs
Introducing event-driven architectures
Using Kafka in event-driven services
Using MongoDB for NoSQL  persistency
Our event-driven HomeIt
Building our rental proposal service publishers
Building our rental properties service subscribers
Extending our end-to-end tests
Alongside the main topic, which is event-driven architecture, we will also
explore some more nuances of writing asynchronous systems using
WebFlux, as well as how to incorporate MongoDB, the most widely used
NoSQL  database. I hope this chapter really opens your eyes to the power of
event-driven systems. Let’s go!
Technical requirements
The entire code base for this chapter can be found at
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -10.
A maintainability issue with
RESTful APIs
The REST  standard  is generally a great tool for developing software. It
offers a concise way for mapping your entities in endpoints, and to stan -
dardize essential operations, such as listing, creating, updating, and deleting
objects. It’ s no wonder it took the world by storm as the default method for
building web services.
Although powerful, there is still a very critical pain point in this great stan -
dard. That is the problem of strongly/heavily coupled services .
What is heavy coupling?
To understand what I mean by strongly coupled services , consider the fol -
lowing scenario: suppose that in our HomeIt startup, we had a rental pro -
posal service, the role of which is to make sure that the rental transaction
occurs smoothly between tenants and landlords.
Suppose the rental proposal service only holds information about the state
of a current rental negotiation and this service needs to communicate with
other services while the negotiation happens.
Suppose we also have other services that depend on the rental proposal ser -
vice, such as the following:
Rental pr operties service : This service, the code samples for which are
already provided at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-
Design-in-Practice/tree/main/chapter -10/rental-property-microservice ,
needs to know the current state of the negotiation so that it can track
whether a property is available for rentals or not.
Messaging service : This service will ﬁre messages to the related users if
the state of a rental proposal changes. When someone makes an of fer or
counterof fer, or approves or rejects an of fer, the messaging service is the
one that will send the actual message to the landlord or tenant.
Payment service : This service will track whether it is time to char ge the
customer or not. That is, once an of fer has been accepted by the landlord
or the tenant, this service starts the process of requesting the actual pay -
ment from the tenant.
Now , let’s try to coordinate the three services by only using RESTful API
endpoints, all from the rental proposal service API. That is, once a rental ne -
gotiation changes its state, that service will have to ﬁre API requests to the
three other services. This is illustrated in Figur e 10.1:
Figure 10.1 – An example of RESTful API communication
Now , based on Figur e 10.1 we can conclude that every time a negotiation
state changes, we need to check whether the API calls are being correctly
ﬁred to the other APIs. What this means is that every time we add new ne -
gotiation states or new API services, we need to evaluate whether we are
going to write or change every single API call in the rental proposal service.
That is interesting, as it makes the rental proposal service the single service
responsible for orchestrating every other service. That might be OK for or -
chestrating three or four services but once the service number in your mi -
croservice cloud grows, this might make things a lot more complicated to
manage and maintain.
As more services are integrated with each other over time, the amount of
code can grow exponentially if we are exclusively using REST  APIs to ex -
press the connection between services. Also, when we use only RESTful
APIs to connect services, that means every service needs to have knowl -
edge about other service domains. That is what we mean by heavy cou -
pling . If you add four more services to the right side of Figur e 10.1, that
means your rental proposal service is forced to have some code referring to
the other new services.
Now , let’s explore the implications of the topology proposed here and how
different programming decisions could create unmaintainable software.
How service coupling makes code harder
to maintain
Heavy coupling goes as follows: as the number of connected services
grows, the harder it is to make those services work separately and indepen -
dently . In our example, by always using RESTful APIs, since the rental pro -
posal service would contain explicit code that ﬁres requests to the rental
property service, messaging service, payment Service, and others, it is just a
lot more code to read and edit when making changes.
Among the most critical decisions you will have to make in your life as a
software architect is choosing how to connect systems.
Knowing how to model system integrations is a complex matter , so I will
list some key variables and questions at play when designing them:
How many system integrations will there be in your microservice archi -
tecture? The more systems are connected, the bigger the amount of code
you must deal with, and the harder it will be to maintain when you
change something.
Which systems provide the more stable interfaces compared with others?
Suppose that the messaging service APIs keep changing from month to
month, so every service that uses the messaging service must be kept up
to date with the changes. You will require new code in other services
very often as the messaging service evolves.
Do your services depend on the response from other services to continue
their operations? For instance, if you write the rental proposal service
such that it must use the messaging service response to decide how to
continue its operation, that makes the rental proposal service more com -
plex to write. It also makes it harder to recover from failures in the mes -
saging service. Believe me, every service will fail at some point.
Due to those three key points, here is some critical guidance when writing
systems.
Create well-established domain boundaries
Avoid having speciﬁc knowledge from one service written in another ser -
vice. That keeps your code cleaner , in the sense that dif ferent services will
have well-isolated domains.
For instance, ideally , the messaging service should not know anything about
rental properties or rental proposal objects. It should just know about mes-
sages .
Write stable interfaces
As much as you are able to, design your services in a way that will not re -
quire changes to their interface (endpoints) in the future. Releasing the ﬂa-
vor of the month  endpoint throughout the entire year will require adding
new code to other services in the future just because you changed your orig -
inal service. You should instead create a few endpoints that represent the es -
sence of the domain your service is dealing with and stop changing them af -
ter they are released.
For example, in the messaging service, instead of writing endpoints for
SMS, email, WhatsApp channels, and so on, write a single endpoint that is
abstract enough to be used to implement communication with whatever
platforms your company uses. The way you implement that endpoint will
allow your product team to decide where the messages should be sent. That
prevents a lot of headaches and saves development time and company mon -
ey in the future.
Develop response independency
Make your services work independently from the other services you need
communication with. Doing this shows that you know how to isolate mat -
ters and facilitates consistency throughout your microservice cloud. This
also makes it easier to recover from failure as well.
Here is another example: it might be enticing to write the rental proposal
service in a way that it waits for the result of an API call to the payment ser -
vice so that you can deﬁne the status of a proposal. However , doing that
will create a data consistency risk because if your rental proposal API is un -
able to call the payments service, or if the payments service processing
breaks during a call, you will have a big problem at hand! It will be impos -
sible to determine the status of a rental proposal, and that will leave you
with eventual ﬁnancial losses – especially when you achieve high business
volume.
Know your highest-order business service
This is an especially important consideration that can save millions in de -
velopment ef forts for the company you are working with, and we do not see
this advice in a lot of places. When writing your microservices, evaluate
whether you really need business-related rules in each one of them.
In our case, a messaging service should not know anything about the state
of the proposals. The payment service should also not know about rental
properties. Rental properties should also not know about the proposals.
Cross-domain knowledge should not matter on a service.
Plus, this is a special case of the domain boundary principle: you need to
determine which service should contain the core of your business rules. You
should design or identify which service represents the highest-order busi -
ness rules. In other words, although every service participates in your sys -
tem and helps to drive revenue, which service(s) will be responsible for
containing the business rules that really drive the core value you are provid -
ing to your customers?
Let me explain it through our example: in the HomeIt system, we are all
about renting properties, so the critical service for driving the rental rela -
tionships is the rental proposal service. That means your highest-level busi -
ness rules must be contained in the rental proposal service, and this service
is the highest-value service in your architecture. Since the rental proposal
service represents the thing of the highest value to your company (the
rentals themselves), you should never ever spread logic that should be in the
highest value service in other services.
In the HomeIt example, failing to identify the highest-order business service
usually involves writing a lot of if-else  statements for rental property
statuses in a lot of dif ferent services. If you ﬁnd that the messaging service,
the payment service, and the rental properties service are all trying to imple -
ment logic based on the current status of a proposal, that means we have
failed at isolating the logic of higher value in just one or a few services.
Why is this important? It’ s because if you get rental proposal logic spread
over dif ferent services, every time the business wants to add new logic, use
cases, products, and ﬂows, you will have to change a lot of services and add
new if-else  statements everywhere. Your code will not scale, and you
will impose a cost of millions to change and adapt to the market on your
company . Your code will become non-scalable, slow , and very costly to
maintain. Developers will not be happy about it; you will increase turnover .
Usually , companies take a long time to discover that this is an architecture
issue – if they ever do.
Therefore, make sure you have just one or a few services that hold critical
business rules.
Identify the services orchestrator
If you write your services in a way that the endpoints are general and ﬂexi -
ble enough, that means you will have the opportunity to orchestrate them
the way you want. You could deﬁne when messages will be sent via
WhatsApp, email, or anything else. You will be able to deﬁne whether the
charge is supposed to be done on a credit card or bank transfer more easily .
If you write your services endpoint such that the parameters describe the
behavior you want, instead of writing one endpoint for each kind of behav -
ior, it will be possible to create conﬁguration objects that will deﬁne the
way your system ﬂow will work. You will have a lot more power to scale
and speed up your development.
Think about this: depending on the status of a rental proposal, the other ser -
vices will behave in diverse ways. Now , let’s suppose you have more than
one type of rental proposal ﬂow . Suppose that for dif ferent countries, you
have some special states that should be represented in the rental proposal
objects. You might think about ways in which your proposal service – or a
helper service – acts as an orchestrator for how other services should
behave.
How would that work in real life? If you know that you should have dif fer-
ent ﬂows for the rental proposal that change behavior in other services, that
means creating a new proposal in your API might take some parameters to
inform how other systems should behave.
Maybe you want a speciﬁc rental proposal ﬂow that only works with credit
cards, or through WhatsApp communication? That might require you to add
some special parameters to drive that behavior , when creating your new
Rental Proposal object.
As you can see, this principle is a violation of the Domain Boundary I stat -
ed earlier . It adds to one of the services some cross-domain information to
inform other systems how to behave. It turns out that this exception to the
Domain Boundary rule works beautifully if you want to make your service
more ﬂexible. By implementing cross-domain parameters in one of your
higher order business services, you will be able to twist the system ﬂows in
any ways you want. This could drive a lot of speed on your development.
De-Coupling Calls
By looking at our ﬁrst picture, you will certainly deduce that, if we are us -
ing REST  API calls only , the Proposal Service will have one extra call to
each service that it communicates to. That means 10 services require 10 API
calls and so on.
De-coupling calls means we should strive to reduce the number of calls we
make for other services, and this is where the event-driven architecture
shines. By using what we call topics  or queues , with the response-indepen -
dency principle, we can have the rental proposal service basically connected
to an intermediary service that has the responsibility of forwarding mes -
sages to other services that are interested in knowing about updates in the
rental proposal service.
We will explore how it works in the next section.
Introducing event-driven
architectures
Now you know: if we only have REST  APIs, that means each service we
need to connect to represents a new call we need to write, speciﬁcally to
that service. In contrast, when using the event-driven approach, we elimi -
nate the need to write speciﬁc API calls to each service our microservice
communicates to.
How does that work? Instead of allowing services to communicate directly
with each other through the API calls, we will add an intermediary service
that represents a queue of messages. That service receives update notiﬁca -
tions from the service that originates the call and forwards the notiﬁcations
to every other service interested in those notiﬁcations.
Let’s look at the following ﬁgure:
Figure 10.2 – An example of event-driven communication
In this model, we have included an intermediary service that tracks every
update event that happens in the rental proposal service. Once the rental
proposal state changes, a single notiﬁcation is ﬁred from the rental proposal
service to the topic  or queue , as we call it. Then, other systems can sub -
scribe to those notiﬁcations. Whenever a new message is ﬁred, every ser -
vice that subscribes to the notiﬁcations receives a copy of the notiﬁcation.
This means that the rental proposal service does not know which services
are being triggered once the proposal state changes at all. It just knows how
to tell the microservice cloud a single thing: Hey, I have updated myself.
Please tell everybody who is inter ested .
Hence, every service that should react to those changes should be a sub -
scriber of the topic itself. This bears several advantages:
You can include new services in your architecture without requiring
changes to the proposal service.
The amount of code in the proposal service is greatly reduced, as you
never need to write speciﬁc calls to every service.
Given that your system can send the messages to the messages
topic/queue, it does not need to wait for the other services to respond.
This means that the systems will work asynchronously , which has the
potential to bring a lot of speed to your system.
With topics, by adding as many subscribers as you want, you have a
mechanism that helps to decouple your services, making the domains po -
tentially more isolated from each other (this will be discussed from the
next section onward).
You can choose the policy you want to implement for publishing and
consuming messages. Do you want to mark messages as read as soon as
the subscribers pull them, or do you want the subscribers to mark the
messages as read only  after they ﬁnish processing them?
Now , with this system design, let’ s discuss how to design the messages
themselves. However , ﬁrst, let’ s talk a bit more about the dif ference be -
tween queues and topics.
What is the difference between a queue
and a topic?
A queue  is a messaging model wherein messages are sent to a speciﬁc desti -
nation and consumed by a single consumer . In a queue, messages are typi -
cally processed in the order in which they arrive (ﬁrst-in, ﬁrst-out), and
each message is removed from the queue once consumed. This setup en -
sures that each message is handled by only one receiver , making it ideal for
tasks that require point-to-point communication.
A topic , on the other hand, is mostly like a queue, except that it can be sub -
scribed to by dif ferent groups. With a queue, you will usually have just one
consumer . On a topic, though, you might have multiple systems consuming
it. So, we can safely say that a queue is a single destination channel, where -
as a topic is possibly a multiple-destination channel.
Now , let’s discuss why we use one over the other . Choosing between a
queue and a topic depends on your application’ s communication needs:
Use a queue when you want each message to be processed by only one
consumer . This is suitable for load balancing tasks, work distribution,
throttling requests (to deal with peak request volumes), or when tasks
should not be duplicated across multiple consumers.
Use a topic when you need publish-subscribe functionality , whereby
messages are broadcasted to multiple subscribers, which handles the
messages dif ferently between each other . This is ideal for event notiﬁca -
tions, updates, or any scenario wherein multiple systems need to react
differently to the same message, and each subscriber tracks the mes -
sage’ s consumption from the other subscribers.
Now that we know the key dif ference between queues and topics, let’ s dis-
cuss dif ferent ways in which you could decide to structure your messages.
There’ s a lot to discuss here, so you will be surprised as to how the message
design itself can be ﬂexible and dif ferent among systems and companies.
How should your notification messages
look?
When deciding what information should be contained in your notiﬁcation
messages, there are a few structure types to consider . Let’ s take a look.
The message format
You can really format your messages with any format you want. For
starters, I would advise you to just choose the JSON format, since it is al -
ready familiar . You can also choose the Protocol Buffers  or Avro formats,
both of which are geared toward higher performance, but are less readable.
Neither one will be covered in this book.
Thin versus fat messages
When thinking about how much data you should provide in your messages,
it is important to consider how big the message will be – in other words,
how fat or thin your messages should be. There is no right or wrong answer;
however , you should deﬁnitely think about the implications so you can un -
derstand what the best approach would be for your use case and company .
Thin messages
One of the ways you can build your notiﬁcation system is by providing
messages that hold very little information. For example, we could create a
message that contains the object ID and the status that you moved your ob -
ject to. You can even program only the ID of the object and a second at -
tribute saying whether the message was created, updated, or deleted.
Although thin events are very simple to implement and will usually move
faster in the queues and topics, the subscriber systems will have to query
the original object from your API to check its content and decide what to
do. This also has the advantage of allowing the subscriber API to check the
current status of the object.
An example in HomeIt would be to send a message to the subscriber sys -
tems that just states the ID of the proposal and its current status, such as the
following:
{
     "proposal_id": "74cfd995-358e-4854",
     "status": "ACCEPTED"
}
Fat messages
You might want to provide more data on your notiﬁcation messages. That
is, instead of just sending two attributes with the modiﬁed object ID and
maybe a changed status, you might want to provide more information, or
even the entire object in the queue or topic. That means the subscriber sys -
tems will not have to query the original object as much.
We are going to see a fat messaging approach for our rental proposal ser -
vice in a few pages. Here is a quick example of adding more data to your
notiﬁcation:
{
     "proposal_id": "74cfd995-358e-4854",
     "status": "REJECTED",
     "message": "Sorry, I cannot accept this deal",
     "landlord_id": "2d913fd0-431a-4ee5-9d27",
     "tenant_id": "b33b250e-9208-4ad9-8c78",
     "author_id": "2d913fd0-431a-4ee5-9d27"
}
As you can see, in the preceding example, we added the tenant ID, the land -
lord ID, a message, the proposal ID, and the status to which the proposal
was moved. That means subscriber systems have less necessity of pulling
the original object from the API, which can help reduce the load in the pro-
posal service.
Given the circumstances, you should deﬁne whether you would prefer a
heavier load on your message topics or on your original API. Bear in mind
that if you need your subscribers to fetch data from the original API, that
means writing an HTTP  GET call to your subscriber services, which in -
creases the coupling and makes it more difﬁcult to update the publisher ser -
vice in the future.
Beware of higher-order domain spilling
In a sense, both approaches – fat and thin messages – mean that your sub -
scriber systems need to know your publisher domain even a tiny bit. Since
it relies on the updated object from the publisher system to decide what to
do, it means subscribers need to implement logic that is attached to the
modiﬁed object domain. I call that domain spilling . Similar to how spilling
some cof fee on your shirt is undesirable, you do not want a stain from a do -
main in a service that does not deal with that domain.
For instance, in HomeIt, upon receiving a notiﬁcation that the rental propos -
al status has changed, your payments service will have to reason around the
rental proposal status to deﬁne what its next step is. That means the devel -
oper in the payment service needs to know the rental proposal domain, even
at a superﬁcial level. Doing that means you are moving business rules from
a higher -order domain (the rental proposal domain, which is at the core val -
ue from HomeIt, as we explained before) to a lower -order domain (the pay -
ment system is critical for receiving money , but it is not a core service that
allows orchestrating actions from tenants and landlords while negotiating
the rental proposal). The payment system enables the exchange of money ,
which is a critical function. However , it is not a core system to the HomeIt
business, which means it should bear as little logic about the higher -order
rental proposal domain as possible.
Moving the cross-domain knowledge to the publisher
system
As I said, domain spilling is generally undesirable when your lower -order
domain services have business rules that are related to higher -order do -
mains. So, if you do not want the subscriber systems to depend on business
rules from higher -order domain services, you can move a bit of the logic
from the lower -order domains to the higher -order ones.
Think about it this way: as we have established, the most important busi -
ness function you have is sequencing and orchestrating the interaction be -
tween tenants and landlords. It means that, depending on the result of that
interaction, you want that service to inform other services about how they
should behave.
From the proposal service, you want to specify what messages should go to
your participants and how they should be delivered. You will also want to
inform the payment service about how much money is to be collected and
how. You will also want to inform the rental property service if a speciﬁc
property number is unavailable, such that your proposal service can tolerate
some more knowledge about other services. That is, the service that orches -
trates your business can of fer some known parameters for other services.
How would that be done? Well, there are two options. One is to add some
conﬁguration attributes to your core proposal service so that, depending on
how you want other services to behave, the proposal object can hold some
different parameters for the other services such that when those services are
activated, they might receive their well-known parameters directly instead
of trying to derive their own behavior based on the proposal states. That has
the drawback of using your rental proposal object to store data from other
domains, which might still not be too desirable.
Another way of conﬁguring how other services should behave is creating a
separate conﬁguration service. That is, any time a rental proposal is created,
a conﬁguration object is created and stored in that conﬁguration service.
The rental proposal ﬂow will update the conﬁguration object to orchestrate
the other systems depending on your user input. This means that when other
systems receive notiﬁcations about the original rental proposal, they can
query the conﬁguration service and extract their known parameters in order
to discover how they should behave. Alternatively , we could conﬁgure your
queues and topics in other ways, as we are going to see next.
Business versus entity-driven events
When creating a queue or topic for sending notiﬁcations, you should decide
whether you want the events on that topic to be deﬁned around your enti -
ties, general user journeys, or business events. When discussing thin versus
fat messages, the examples we gave were centered on creating our events
based on the status of the rental proposal object. That means that the event
is designed to reﬂect the current status of an entity .
In contrast, you could deﬁne events based on your user journey . We could
name the events based on some action that just happened. For instance, we
could create the following event names: RENTAL_PROPOSAL_OPENED ,
OFFER_SENT , OFFER_REJECTED , OFFER_CANCELLED , and
OFFER_APPROVED . When you create your events around the business sto -
ry, it might make more sense for the consumers. You know exactly where
the users are in their journey .
Destination versus source topics
Another crucial decision you should make is whether the topic you are cre -
ating refers to the objects in the service that is emitting the events, or the
object in a speciﬁc service that is receiving that event. This might be espe -
cially useful in cases where a topic is connected to a subscriber service, and
that service is interested in its own events. You might want to create this
topic just because you can af ford to have asynchronous operations, and that
might be more productive. The publisher service does not depend on the
subscriber service results, so you might just prepare a topic that allows the
publisher to send messages that refer entirely to the destination service ( the
subscriber).
Of course, in our HomeIt example, the topic we designed is a source topic,
since the topic was created just to publish changes in the rental proposal ob -
jects themselves. The publisher is notifying the subscribers about the
changes in the publisher domain.
A good example of a destination topic is this: suppose you have a reporting
service that expects to receive some very speciﬁc events that only the re -
porting service itself understands. Those events help the reporting service to
track rental proposals in general, ultimately to create business reports. The
rental proposal service publisher could produce events exclusively for the
reporting service, tailored to the input the reporting service needs. Then, the
rental proposal service would be able to notify the reporting service when a
rental proposal was created or accepted or a proposal was paid. Telling the
story of the proposal itself (created, accepted, paid) puts more focus on the
business side, so we say those events are business-driven . That is, when
sending an event, we will be focused on what happened to the business it -
self, not on sharing everything about the rental proposal entity object, which
is more of a technical aspect of our API. It is important for reporting ser -
vices to understand the user journey , as well as the business side itself. It is
not as important to know the state of the rental proposal data object over
time. There is a slight but serious dif ference between both options, and un -
derstanding whether you need to focus on a data object or a business use
case might help a lot to facilitate the development.
Shared versus non-shared topics
When considering new topics and queues on your architecture, you should
deﬁne whether you want to use a single topic to be used by many dif ferent
systems, just a few systems, or just one system. In our HomeIt example, we
created one topic that supports events just for the rental proposal service.
However , maybe we want to use that same topic to support events for other
services as well. Suppose we want the payment service to publish the re -
sults of the ﬁnancial transactions in that topic. We would have the same top -
ic ﬂowing events from two dif ferent systems. If you want to keep things
more separate, you can create a dif ferent topic just to ﬂow notiﬁcations
about payments.
Of course, there are pros and cons to each choice. If you decide to have
multiple topics, each of which works just for a single service, prepare to be
able to manage a lot of dif ferent topics if your architecture grows a lot. On
the other hand, when you have a single topic that can receive events from
multiple services, you will require all subscribers to just ignore messages
from systems if they are not interested.
Single versus multi-tenant topics
A tenant, in this context, does not refer to the person locating the rental
property , but to a company that might use your entire service to host their
own business. Take HubSpot and Salesforce, for instance. Their systems are
used by dif ferent companies to host their own operations. Each company
will create accounts for every one of their users. We say that HubSpot and
Salesforce are multi-tenant. They are able to host the operations from multi -
ple companies.
So, when designing your topics, you need to decide important things in re -
gard to being single-tenant or multi-tenant. First, does your company work
like HomeIt, in that we are a single company that allows landlords and
home tenants to do business with each other? Or does your system operate
more like HubSpot, allowing dif ferent companies to implement their opera -
tions on your website?
If your architecture is single-tenant, every topic you have will be single-ten -
ant, but one topic will ﬂow data from dif ferent users. If your architecture is
multi-tenant, you might choose to create topics for each one of your tenants
– so that one company does not see events from any others. You can also go
multi-tenant with topics that ﬂow events from multiple companies.
When you allow your topics to ﬂow data from multiple users or companies,
you need to make sure that they cannot see events and notiﬁcations from
other services. Even UUIDs from an entity ID cannot be seen by some actor
that does not own that object. Leaking object IDs to someone who does not
own the topic opens an attack window , and you don’ t want that.
Input versus output topics
When your topic is used to carry over the result of an operation, we say it is
an output topic. When the topic is used to carry the input to another service,
we say it is an input topic.
You might want to create services that have their own input and output top -
ics. For instance, if you have a service that takes a long time to do some
processing – let’ s say three hours – you cannot support that with a RESTful
API. You will need to make that operation asynchronous. So, create your
service with two topics: an input topic and an output topic. Any time you
want to trigger the service, just publish an input message in the input topic.
Then, once that service ﬁnishes its process, it publishes the result as an
event in the output topic. Interested services can fetch that resulting notif -
ication to continue their operations.
In HomeIt, we could create a media processor service that handles movie
ﬁles and pictures. We could set up two topics for that service: one that in -
forms the ﬁles to be processed, where they are stored, and how they should
be processed, and another that returns the resulting media and where it is
stored.
Unidirectional versus bidirectional topics
Another option for designing our topics is determining whether they are
used to ﬂow messages in just one direction or in two directions.
We have set up our HomeIt rental proposal topic in a unidirectional way .
That means every event ﬂows from the rental proposal service to the sub -
scriber services. It ﬂows in one direction only . In contrast, if we allow the
payments service to publish messages to the same topic and the rental pro -
posal service now has a subscriber just to listen to that message speciﬁcally ,
then we would have made this topic a multi-directional topic because the
messages will ﬂow from and to the rental proposal service as well.
Multi-directional topics are generally a bad pattern since dif ferent systems
would have to know which messages to discard and which ones to handle.
That might lead to a lot of useless processing and could even break systems
with unsupported messages. However , it might be useful when you are do -
ing quick proofs of concept, for example. If you just want to see things hap -
pening, then speed is important.
Dead letter topics
What will you do when your services fail to process a message? This is
what we use dead letter topics for . These are specialized topics that handle
messages that cannot be delivered or processed successfully after multiple
attempts.
When a message continually fails due to issues like processing errors, in -
valid data formats, or exceeding its time-to-live  (TTL ), it is redirected from
its original topic to the dead letter topic. This mechanism isolates problem -
atic messages from the main ﬂow , preventing them from causing repeated
processing failures or clogging the system.
By segregating these undeliverable messages, you can analyze and address
the underlying issues without disrupting the overall messaging
infrastructure.
Dead letter topics enhance system reliability and maintainability by allow -
ing for the separate handling of faulty messages, facilitating debugging and
compliance auditing, and ensuring that the messaging system continues to
operate smoothly despite individual message failures.
These are the main variables you can use to design your queues/topics.
Topic or queue management is an essential part of the work you should do
when designing your system. It is very important to account for failures in
such systems as well.
Now , let’s learn how to use one of the most widely used systems for build -
ing event-driven architectures: Apache Kafka.
Using Kafka in event-driven
services
Kafka is an open source distributed event streaming platform used for
building real-time data pipelines and applications. It efﬁciently handles
large volumes of data by publishing and subscribing to streams of records in
a fault-tolerant manner . Kafka was originally developed by engineers at
LinkedIn to address the company’ s need for processing massive real-time
data feeds. It was open sourced in 201 1 and later became an Apache
Software Foundation project.
In this book, we will not be able to explore how to maintain a Kafka cluster
in production – that is a matter for entire books. Instead, we will present
you with a quick setup so that you can connect your Spring services.
Not, let’ s start by learning about some core concepts related to Kafka. They
are key in every company you will work on.
Kafka main concepts
To use Kafka, we will need to understand the following concepts: topics,
subscribers/consumers, consumer groups, and partitions. When you under -
stand these core concepts, you will easily know how to do basic system de -
signs using this powerful system:
Topics in Kafka form a database whose sole purpose is to allow stream -
ing messages from producers to consumers.
Subscribers (or consumers) are applications that read and process mes -
sages from Kafka topics. They subscribe to speciﬁc topics based on their
data requirements. Consumers can work individually or as part of a con-
sumer group.
Consumer groups are collections of consumers that coordinate to read
messages from topics collectively . They are crucial because they enable
scalability and fault tolerance in message consumption. By distributing
the workload among multiple consumers in a group, Kafka ensures that
each message is processed by only one consumer within the group, pre -
venting duplicate processing and allowing for efﬁcient load balancing.
Partitions are a fundamental component of Kafka topics. Each topic is
divided into multiple partitions, which are ordered sequences of mes -
sages. Partitions allow Kafka to scale horizontally by distributing data
across dif ferent brokers (servers) in a cluster . This distribution enables
the parallel processing of messages and improves the system’ s through -
put. Importantly , within each partition, messages are stored and con -
sumed in the exact order they were produced, preserving message order
on a per -partition basis. However , Kafka does not guarantee ordering
across dif ferent partitions within the same topic.
Look at Figur e 10.3 to understand how these elements work together:
Figure 10.3 – Kafka topology: publishers, partitions, consumer groups, and
consumers
From the diagram, you can see the dif ference between partitions inside a
topic, consumers (also called subscribers), and publishers and producers.
Now , let’s learn to run a Kafka topic in the simplest way so you can move
to implementing a POC for this chapter . Companies in general will usually
have topics already available for you to work with.
Installing Kafka on a Linux machine
The services we will implement in this chapter use Kafka as the event in -
frastructure. To use it, you need to set up a dev instance with the following
steps:
1. Download Kafka at https://kafka.apache.or g/downloads .
You can use the latest version. Just download the binary package and ex -
tract it to a separate home directory , such as /kafka .
2. Run the dev instance.
To run your kafka  dev instance, you will need to run these two
commands:
1. Here’ s the ZooKeeper command:
cd ~/kafka/<your-kafka-extracted-directory>
./bin/zookeeper-server-start.sh config/zookeeper.
Here’ s the Kafka command:
cd ~/kafka/<your-kafka-extracted-directory>
./bin/kafka-server-start.sh config/server.propertie
Running these two commands will get you a kafka  dev instance online,
which is enough for this Spring service to connect and create the topic.
3. Connect a console consumer group so that you can see the produced
events.
Run the following command in order to create a separate consumer in
your terminal:
cd ~/kafka/<your-kafka-extracted-directory>
./bin/kafka-console-consumer.sh --bootstrap-server 
This will ensure that every event published to proposal-topic  can
be subscribed to in the console. It makes it easier for you to see the
events being produced in real time.
These instructions will get you an independent Kafka instance that you
should manually start – consider it a dev environment that you can quickly
put online to do your development. So, it does not prepare your Kafka in -
stance to serve streams in production.
OK, so that completes the basics of Kafka. Since Kafka is also considered a
specialized NoSQL  database, let’ s also learn how to run and use a
MongoDB instance in this chapter , so we can store our API entities in it and
have a feel of dif ferent NoSQL  applications.
Using MongoDB for NoSQL
persistency
To build our rental proposal service and make it event-driven, we are also
choosing the MongoDB NoSQL  database as our persistence layer . Kafka is
also a kind of NoSQL  database with the purpose of streaming events be -
tween services. So, let’ s make this chapter all about the NoSQL  persistence
layers.
Here is how you can set up a development environment MongoDB  instance
that will allow you to quickly connect our rental proposal service.
IMPORTANT NOTE
These instructions work on Ubuntu Linux. W e will not have too much time
to explor e the W indows conﬁguration her e. However , it is the same ap -
proach in general, with the exception that running the tools will r equir e you
to use differ ent executable ﬁles. Or , you might want to use W indows WSL,
which cr eates a full-ﬂedged Ubuntu envir onment. Then you will be able to
run these commands as they ar e.
Let’s start:
1. Download the MongoDB binary from the MongoDB download page:
https://www .mongodb.com/try/download/community
If you want to keep it simple, download the tarball  and extract it in a lo-
cal directory .
If you intend to create a test database for development purposes, feel free
to use your own home directory . For instance, you can download your
tarball straight to your ~/mongodb  database.
2. Extract the latest version of mongodb  to your test  directory , then cre -
ate another directory for your actual database ﬁles. For instance, I creat -
ed the following directory to host any test databases I might need:
 ~/mongodb/mongodbs
3. Inside the mongodbs  database, create one directory for hosting the pro -
posal service database, which I called proposaldb :
 ~/mongodb/mongodbs/proposaldb
4. Inside this database, create the following directories:
 cd ~/mondodb/mongodbs/proposaldb
mkdir -p data/db
mkdir log
With those two directories, it is possible to start your mongodb  instance
with the following command:
cd ~/mongodb
./mongodb-linux-x86_64-ubuntu2204-7.0.14/bin/mongod
That command will work as long as you have downloaded and extracted
mongodb  to your home directory .
5. This command runs mongod , which is the Mongo server daemon. To
make sure it is running, just use the following command now:
 ps aux | grep mongod
If you get an output such as the following, it means your instance is run-
ning correctly:
rodrigo@rodrigo-desktop:~/mongodb$ ps aux | grep mo
rodrigo    15992  0.6  0.7 559832 126904 ?       Sl
6. Now , you need a client app to connect to mongodb . Make sure to down -
load Mongodb Shell  from the ofﬁcial MongoDB website:
7. https://www .mongodb.com/try/download/shell
Once you download and extract it to a separate directory on your home
dir, you will be able to use it with the following command:
cd ~/mongodb
./mongosh-2.3.1-linux-x64/bin/mongosh
This command will automatically connect mongo shell  to your local
Mongo daemon.
8. Here are some important and essential commands for you to know how
to navigate your database:
show dbs # show your databases
use <dbname> # use or create a new database
show collections # show your document collections i
db.myCollection.find() # show all documents in a co
9. To shut down your mongodb  server , try the following commands:
use admin # this will use your admin database
db.shutdownServer() # this will kill your mongodb p
If you manually shut down your mongodb  server and restart it with the
same command line stated before, the same database will be used again,
thus keeping your saved data intact.
That is how you can set up your MongoDB  instance. Now , let’s see some
details for our rental proposal service.
Our event-driven sample in HomeIt
Just to illustrate how to connect publishers and subscribers using Spring
Framework, imagine this: we will create the rental proposal service, which
registers the interaction between landlords and tenants while negotiating the
rental agreements.
Every rental proposal is an object that keeps the landlord ID, rental property
ID, and tenant ID, as well as a collection of rounds , which keep the prices
each party is trying to negotiate.
The way we will use event-driven implementation here is as follows: we
want the rental properties service to inform the tenants if a property has re -
ceived many proposals recently . We created a points system that we called
the score. The more proposals a property receives, the higher the score is.
So, every time a landlord or a tenant communicates by means of a rental
property round – to make an of fer or a counterof fer or to reject or approve a
proposal – we will increase that rental property score by one.
In essence, every time there is a new negotiation round happening, the
rental proposal service will store the rental proposal data in our MongoDB
database. Then, it will ﬁre an event to a Kafka topic. Plus, in the rental
property service, we will implement a very simple Kafka subscriber that
can be notiﬁed about a rental proposal round. When a round occurs and the
notiﬁcation arrives, there will be a service in char ge of updating the score of
the property that received the proposal round.
Here is how we are modeling the RentalProposal  entity in the rental
proposal service:
@Document
public record RentalProposal(
    @Id
    String id,
    String tenantId,
    String landlordId,
    String propertyId,
    List<Round> rounds,
    String status // OPEN, NEGOTIATING, ACCEPTED,
                  // REJECTED, CANCELLED
    ){
    public RentalProposalDTO toDTO() {
        return new RentalProposalDTO(
            this.id, this.tenantId, this.landlordId,
            this.propertyId, this.rounds(), this.stat
    }
}
As you can see, creating an entity to be saved in MongoDB basically re -
quires you to use the @Document  annotation, from the MongoDB depen -
dency (we will see which dependency to declare in a few minutes).
Also, here is how we are deﬁning the Round  entity:
public record Round (
    String roundId,
    String status, // OPEN, OFFER, COUNTER_OFFER, APP
                   // REJECTED, CANCELLED
    String authorId,
    Double value,
    String message) {
    // Getters and Setters
}
That means that a RentalProperty  object can hold as many rounds as
is required to make the entire negotiation happen.
Also, here are the RentalProposalStates  and RoundStates  enum
classes, which help us to maintain the actual stage in which we are in a
negotiation:
public enum RentalProposalStates {
    OPEN,
    NEGOTIATING,
    ACCEPTED,
    REJECTED,
    CANCELLED
}
public enum RoundStates {
    OPEN,
    OFFER,
    COUNTER_OFFER,
    APPROVAL,
    REJECTION,
    CANCELLATION
}
So, once the Round  move from one state to the next one, the
RentalProposal  objects also resolve to new , more general statuses.
Now , let’s see how the rest of the service is created.
Building our rental proposal service
publishers
As I have stated before, the rental proposal service is very important: it will
be used in HomeIT  to register the interaction between a tenant and a land -
lord while negotiating the terms of the rental agreement.
We will not have the time to explore it entirely , so I will add some key data
about this service. You can take your time to read about the entire service at
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -10/rental-proposal-service .
Combining WebFlux, MongoDB, and
Kafka in Spring Services
Since we want to make this service asynchronous and robust, we will create
it using WebFlux. Plus, we will use a bit of the Spring Web style while de -
claring the controller interfaces.
So, here is how we have declared our dependencies – mixing Spring Web,
Kafka, MongoDB, and WebFlux dependencies. This is present in the de-
pendencies  section of our build.gradle  ﬁle:
implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-
implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-
implementation 'org.springframework.kafka:spring-kafk
implementation 'com.fasterxml.jackson.core:jackson-da
Since we will be using JSON objects to send and receive notiﬁcations from
our Kafka topics, we also had to include the jackson-databind
dependency .
Now , let’s see a quick example of how to write the actual endpoints in our
controllers. Here is how we create a new RentalProposal  and add a
Round  to a Proposal . They are both declared in the
RentalProposalController  class:
@PostMapping()
public Mono<RentalProposalDTO> createProposal(
    @RequestBody RentalProposalDTO rentalProposalDTO)
    return service.createProposal(rentalProposalDTO);
}
@PostMapping("/{proposalId}/rounds")
public Mono<ResponseEntity<RentalProposalDTO>> addRou
    @PathVariable String proposalId,
    @RequestBody Round round) {
    return service.addRound(proposalId, round)
        .map(ResponseEntity::ok)
        .switchIfEmpty(
            Mono.just(ResponseEntity.notFound().build
}
We can see that this time, we are mixing the Spring Web endpoint declara -
tion with WebFlux. They can work together in a seamless way . For the ad-
dRound()  method, if we provide the ID of a proposal that does not exist,
we just return a 404 (NOT_FOUND)  HTTP  code.
Let’s take a quick look at how to save the rental proposal entity data to the
database, in the Service  layer . Here’ s how we have deﬁned our
Service  interface:
@Service
public interface RentalProposalService {
    Mono<RentalProposalDTO> createProposal(RentalProp
    Mono<RentalProposalDTO> addRound(String proposalI
    Flux<RentalProposalDTO> getProposals();
    Mono<RentalProposalDTO> deleteProposal(String pro
    Mono<RentalProposalDTO> getProposal(String propos
}
Here is how we declare the service implementation (the
RentalProposalServiceImpl  class):
@Service
public class RentalProposalServiceImpl implements Ren
    private final RentalProposalRepository repository
    private final KafkaTemplate<String,
        RentalProposalEvent> kafkaTemplate;
    public RentalProposalServiceImpl(
        RentalProposalRepository repository,
        KafkaTemplate<String, RentalProposalEvent>
            kafkaTemplate) {
        this.repository = repository;
        this.kafkaTemplate = kafkaTemplate;
}
As you can see, we are injecting two important Spring Beans here:
RentalProposalRepository  and the KafkaTemplate  interface.
RentalProposalRepository  is a basic Mongo Repository extension,
which we can see here:
public interface RentalProposalRepository extends
    ReactiveMongoRepository<RentalProposal, String> {
It is important to note that, since we are using Spring WebFlux here, we
need to use ReactiveMongoRepository . It means that our operations
in MongoDB will be processed asynchronously . That makes the entire
WebFlux  async pipeline work correctly .
Since we do not need any custom methods (as we saw in Chapter 7 ), we
can just leave this interface as is. We are saving RentalProposal  ob-
jects using MongoDB, the ID is a string, and that’s it.
In RentalProposalServiceImpl , we can also see that we are inject -
ing the KafkaTemplate  interface, which comes directly from the Kafka
dependency itself. It allows us to publish our events to Kafka topics. To use
that interface, we need to specify the key type (a string; it serves when we
want to order the messages and distribute them among partitions) and the
object that will ﬂow through that topic. In our case, we have chosen to pub -
lish RentalProposalEvent , which we can see here:
public record RentalProposalEvent(
        String proposalId,
        String roundId,
        String propertyId,
        String roundType) {
}
As we can see, when saving a new Proposal  or Round , we will publish
RentalProposalEvent  so that the RentalProperties  service can
subscribe to the notiﬁcations and update the score in RentalProperty
that lives in the RentalProperties  database. In that way , other cus-
tomers will see whether a property has a high score – meaning that there are
a lot of people trying to negotiate for that property .
RentalProposalEvent  contains the proposal ID, the ID of the round
that was published inside the rental proposal, the property ID that is refer -
enced in the proposal, and the roundType  attribute, indicating whether it
was an of fer, a counterof fer, an approval, a rejection, and so on.
Here is how we create a proposal and how we emit the Round  at the
Service  layer:
public Mono<RentalProposalDTO> createProposal(
    RentalProposalDTO newRentalProposal) {
    Round firstRound = new Round(UUID.randomUUID().to
        RoundStates.OPEN.toString(),
        newRentalProposal.tenantId(),
        null,
        null);
    List<Round> rounds = List.of(firstRound);
    return repository.save(new RentalProposal(
        UUID.randomUUID().toString(),
        newRentalProposal.tenantId(),
        newRentalProposal.landlordId(),
        newRentalProposal.propertyId(),
        rounds,
        RentalProposalStates.OPEN.toString()))
        .flatMap( proposal ->
            Mono.fromFuture(
                kafkaTemplate.send("proposal-topic",
                    new RentalProposalEvent(
                        proposal.id(),
                        firstRound.roundId(),
                        proposal.propertyId(),
                        firstRound.status()))
                .thenApply(result -> proposal)))
        .map(RentalProposal::toDTO);
}
As you can see, when creating a new RentalProposal , we create a new
Round  with the OPEN  state and add it to the new RentalProposal ,
then save it in the mongodb  repository .
When we receive the result from the repository.save()  operation, it
is time to ﬁnally publish our event. This is how we tell other systems about
the newly created RentalProposal  object. As you can see, we need to
name the topic, then create the event we are sending. Finally , we map the
result to a DT O that we will return in our controller method.
Similarly , this is how we save a new Round  to the RentalProposal
object:
public Mono<RentalProposalDTO> addRound(
    String proposalId, Round round) {
    return repository.findById(proposalId)
        .flatMap(proposal -> {
            RentalProposal p = new RentalProposal(
                    proposal.id(),
                    proposal.tenantId(),
                    proposal.landlordId(),
                    proposal.propertyId(),
                    allRounds(round, proposal),
                    newProposalStatusFromRound(round)
            );
            return repository.save(p);
        })
        .flatMap(proposal ->
            Mono.fromFuture(
                kafkaTemplate.send("proposal-topic",
                new RentalProposalEvent(
                    proposalId,
                    round.roundId(),
                    proposal.propertyId(),
                    round.status()))
            .thenApply(result -> proposal)))
        .map(RentalProposal::toDTO);
}
This is also very easy to understand. We provide the proposal ID, referenc -
ing the proposal to which we want to add the new negotiation round, and
the actual Round  object, which we saw earlier .
After saving the new Round  object, we can also publish the update to our
Kafka proposal topic, then parse the original RentalProposal  object to
a DT O that we will return in our controller class.
That is basically it for the publisher  class. There are two moments in
which we will notify other systems that something has changed here.
Now , in order to allow this system to connect to our Kafka topic, we need to
see how the actual application.properties  ﬁle is built:
spring.application.name=rental-proposal-service
server.port=8084
spring.kafka.bootstrap-servers=localhost:9092
spring.kafka.producer.key-serializer=org.apache.kafka
spring.kafka.producer.value-serializer=org.springfram
As you can see, we are deﬁning port 8084  for this service, then we deﬁne
localhost:9092  as the default Kafka server port, and ﬁnally , we indi -
cate which classes we will use to serialize our messages and keys.
Streaming object collections with WebFlux
Another thing important to notice is that, when using WebFlux, we can rely
on streaming objects from your server to your client. Instead of using pagi -
nation, we can use Flux objects to stream objects without needing the whole
collection to be available in memory .
This is very interesting, as it gives us the power for our HTTP  clients to
consume these objects little by little. Here is an example of how we can
stream data using the Flux interface:
@GetMapping
public Mono<ResponseEntity<Flux<RentalProposalDTO>>>
    getProposals() {
    return Mono.just(ResponseEntity.ok(
        service.getProposals()))
        .switchIfEmpty(
            Mono.just(ResponseEntity.notFound().build
}
This is probably confusing but let me break it down for you. The ser-
vice.getProposals()  method will basically query the database and
return a stream of objects that will be available little by little, as our client
HTTP  browser requests them.
In this implementation, we are wrapping our Flux stream of
RentalProposalDTO  with a ResponseEntity  object. However ,
since we cannot resolve ResponseObject  immediately , we wrap it
around a Mono  object.
So, in the return of the controller , we provide a Mono  object that will return
a ResponseEntity  object. ResponseEntity , which is a single ob -
ject containing the HTTP  return status code, will in turn contain a Flux
that allows our client requests to stream objects, little by little, directly from
the database.
Interesting, isn’ t it? You will be able to see the entire ﬂow by visiting the
code from our application.
Bear in mind, however , that your HTTP  client should support at least ver -
sion 1.1 to be able to stream objects, and HTTP  2.0 if you need optimized
streaming with multiple channels. Other than that, you can control how you
are retrieving data in your client app. The best way to use it would be
twofold:
If your client application is a backend system, you should use WebFlux
and other async processing tools so it can stream the objects with an
asynchronous pipeline, just as we are doing in the rental proposal
service.
If your client application is a frontend app, you can fetch new objects as
your customer requests more objects. You can build ef fects that are simi -
lar to the Facebook message stream, which fetches a few new objects as
the user scrolls down, for example.
That’ s all. There is a lot to say about streaming architectures as well, and I
have tried to provide you with some very simple and powerful examples
here. Now , let’s see the other side of the equation in our microservice archi -
tecture: the changes we will make in the RentalProperties  service to
subscribe to the rental proposal updates.
Building our rental properties
service consumers
As we stated before, the rental properties service is interested in whatever
negotiations are happening in our rental proposal service. That way , every
time a new of fer is made on a rental property , the rental properties service
will be able to increase that property’ s score.
The change is pretty easy . Here is how we deﬁne a consumer service that
listens to the message updates:
@Service
public class ProposalConsumerService {
    private final ScoreService scoreService;
    private final ObjectMapper objectMapper
        = new ObjectMapper();
    public ProposalConsumerService(
        @Qualifier("jdbcRentalPropertyService")
        ScoreService scoreService) {
        this.scoreService = scoreService;
    }
    @KafkaListener(topics = "proposal-topic",
        groupId = "rental-properties-proposal-group")
    public void consume(String message)
        throws JsonProcessingException {
        RentalProposalEvent event = objectMapper.read
            message, RentalProposalEvent.class);
        scoreService.addScore(
            UUID.fromString(event.propertyId()));
        System.out.println("Consumed message: " + eve
    }
}
As you can see, to reach the messages, we need to convert the
RentalProposalEvent  JSON back from a string by using the
ObjectMapper  class. It is pretty easy , we just declare the @KafkaLis -
tener  annotation. Its parameters are the topic name and the consumer
group the listener belongs to. The consumer group is especially important
when you want to stream events to dif ferent services. Each service should
have its own consumer group. Also, when you are scaling your services –
let’s say , adding more copies of the rental properties service in the runtime
– the Kafka topic will detect that there are multiple consumers inside the
same consumer group and the messages will be distributed evenly among
them.
Well, once you receive your message as a string and de-serialize it back to
RentalProposalEvent , we call the score service addScore()
method. The implementation is as follows:
@Override
public void addScore(UUID propertyId) {
    StringBuilder sql = new StringBuilder("UPDATE ren
    MapSqlParameterSource params = new MapSqlParamete
    params.addValue("propertyId", propertyId);
    int rowsAffected = jdbcTemplate.update(
        sql.toString(), params);
    if (rowsAffected > 0) {
        System.out.println(
        "Score updated successfully for property: " +
            propertyId);
    } else {
        System.out.println(
        "No property found with ID: " + propertyId);
    }
}
That’ s all. We are basically using a JDBC Template to run a customized
SQL query and update a single property score. Of course, we had to add the
score  attribute to our RentalProperty  class so that it is possible to
use the update query . We have also adjusted the DT O classes and the end -
points so that the score  attribute is present whenever we fetch
RentalProperty  data in our rental properties service.
That’ s all! You can see the entire resulting implementation of our rental
properties service at https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-
Design-in-Practice/tree/main/chapter -10/rental-property-microservice .
Extending our end-to-end tests
Of course, now that we have the new rental proposal service, we want to
know whether it is working properly . The best way we could do that is to
add new calls to our end-to-end or integration tests project.
Due to page constraints, we will not be able to show every single new line
of code in our integration tests. However , here is just a small sample of the
new lines we added to our integration tests project:
scoreIs(0, createdProperty, createdTenant);
CreatedProposal proposal =
    tenantCreatesProposal(createdTenant,
        createdLandlord, createdProperty);
tenantMakesFirstOffer(createdProperty, createdTenant,
tenantRetrievesProperty(
    createdProperty.createdPropertyResponse(),
    createdTenant.userTokenResponse());
scoreIs(2, createdProperty, createdTenant);
landlordRejectsOffer(createdProperty,
    createdLandlord, proposal);
tenantMakesCounterOffer(createdTenant,
    createdProperty, proposal);
landlordMakesCounterOffer(createdLandlord,
    createdProperty, proposal);
scoreIs(5, createdProperty, createdTenant);
tenantAcceptsOffer(createdTenant, createdProperty, pr
scoreIs(6, createdProperty, createdTenant);
As you can see, I have provided a method for testing the score of a
RentalProperty  – it fetches the rental property from our properties ser -
vice and makes sure the expected score is found. We also have new meth -
ods to simulate the negotiation. Our tenant will make the ﬁrst of fer, then the
landlord rejects it, then the tenant proceeds with a counterof fer, and the
landlord does another counterof fer... Finally , the tenant accepts the of fer.
Every time along the way , we test the rental property score to make sure the
RentalProperty  service is updating the score according to the last ne-
gotiation rounds.
You can see and run the entire end-to-end tests at https://github.com/Packt -
Publishing/Spring-System-Design-in-Practice/tree/main/chapter -10/integra -
tion-tests .
Summary
In this chapter , we discussed a lot of great things about event-driven archi -
tecture. We learned how to design topics and service topologies, and a se -
ries of variables you can choose from in order to make your topics well-or -
ganized according to your company and product requirements.
We also included a few pages demonstrating how to create a service using
Spring Web, Spring WebFlux, and MongoDB as a NoSQL  persistence layer .
I hope this can spark some creativity in your service designs.
This has been a fun chapter! I hope you had a great learning experience
here. In the next chapter , we will or ganize our services in a better way so
we can learn how to prepare it in a self-or ganizing cloud architecture using
Spring Cloud.
Part 4: Orchestrating Resilient
Services
Now , we’ll take everything we’ve built and prepare it for real-world de -
ployment. This part covers launching microservices in a cloud environment,
optimizing them for resilience, and structuring conﬁgurations to handle fail -
ures gracefully . We’ll also dive into advanced techniques for making mi -
croservices fault-tolerant and self-healing.
This part has the following chapters:
Chapter 1 1, Launching Y our Self-Or ganizing Micr oservice Cloud
Chapter 12 , Optimizing Y our Services
11
Launching Your Self-Organizing
Microservice Cloud
Welcome to Chapter 1 1! So far , we have created services with a prototypi -
cal approach. We have not cared too much about how they are instantiated
or how they ﬁnd each other . We also have not bothered about how they are
producing logs. That was because we wanted to provide the most fun and
important parts ﬁrst.
Now , you have the key tools and techniques to develop systems with
Spring. You know how Spring beans work and how to write APIs using
Spring Web and WebFlux. We have seen examples of how to manage data
with SQL  and NoSQL  examples. We have also learned how to test our sys -
tems in several ways and how to write event-driven systems.
That was a lot! Now , let’s prepare our architecture to be released in produc -
tion. To deploy your system, we need to deal with other important things,
such as the following subjects that we are going to cover in this chapter:
How to better structure your service logs
How to or ganize your property ﬁles for different environments
Setting up your services using Spring Cloud infrastructure
These three key points will set you up for success in orchestrating your
cloud infrastructure using native Spring tools. It will become fairly easy to
manage your cloud conﬁgurations, for your microservices to ﬁnd each oth -
er, and to expose a uniﬁed API to your clients. Plus, you will also be able to
hide the endpoints you don’ t want to go public. Are you ready? Let’s go!
Technical requirements
You can use the reference code for Chapter 1 1 contained in our GitHub
repository: https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -11.
How to produce your service logs
To write your service prototypes quickly to begin with, it is OK to write
logs by using the simple System.out.println()  method. But to
make sure your services can report operations in a more clear and structured
way in production and other test environments, you will need to write your
logs in a distinct way that allows you to choose how much detail will be ex -
posed in each environment.
It is really important to write your logs properly . Forgetting this crucial step
is something that even seasoned developers do regularly , and it creates difﬁ -
culties in troubleshooting. Great logs will make it quite easy to ﬁnd the root
cause of systemic problems. If you want to make your life a lot easier as a
developer , make sure you implement the logging standards we will see in
the next sections.
What are the existing log levels?
In general, when writing logs using tools such as Log4J or Logback (both
of which are supported by Spring), you will be able to declare log levels  –
that is, your messages will have a speciﬁc meaning.
These levels categorize the purpose and severity of each log entry , making
it easier to interpret and prioritize them during analysis.
These are the common log levels we regularly use, regardless of the tool we
use to create the logs:
TRACE : This is the ﬁnest-grained  information, typically used for diag -
nosing speciﬁc issues by tracing program execution at a very detailed
level. It is rarely enabled in production due to the high volume of output.
I like to use it during development when I am testing my apps locally , as
it sometimes helps me to not use debug features in my IDE.
DEBUG : This is detailed  information on the ﬂow through the system. It
is also used for debugging purposes during development and test valida -
tion. Sometimes, we will want to enable it during troubleshooting in pro -
duction to understand the application’ s behavior . Beware that debug and
trace logs can be very verbose, which can cause problems in triaging
logs in production, when you have a high volume. It could also create a
lot of unnecessary storage costs.
INFO : This highlights  the progress of the application at a high level. It is
generally enabled in production to log signiﬁcant events such as startup,
shutdown, or conﬁguration changes. Avoid using info logs for high-vol -
ume operations, since most successful operations will produce the same
logs and will become meaningless.
WARN : These are potentially harmful or unexpected situations that  are
not necessarily errors but may require attention. It indicates issues that
do not prevent the application from functioning but might need investi -
gation. I like to use warn logs when dealing with operations that happen
in high volume. By omitting info logs and only issuing warn logs in
high-volume operations, we can just see the logs when things get odd or
unexpected. Then it becomes meaningful for troubleshooting.
ERROR : This informs about events that might still allow the application
to continue running but indicate a failure in a speciﬁc operation. It is
used to log exceptions or errors that are handled but signify a problem. It
is good to highlight the dif ference between error and warn logs. A warn
log means you do not have an error but only an unexpected situation,
such as a client sending a request in the wrong way and your application
answering with a 400 (bad request) response. A bad request response is
not an error per se, but since your application is not supposed to receive
malformed requests in a well-conﬁgured environment, it is good to look
at warn messages to check that your system is behaving the way it
should.
FATAL: These  are severe error events that will make the application
abort. It indicates critical failures that require immediate attention, such
as system outages or data corruption.
With these log  levels, you will be able to tell the severity of the output in
your console. Now , let’s learn how to actually write the logs using Spring’ s
natively supported tools.
How to write logs in Spring
The two  Java log tools/frameworks I like to use the most in Spring services
are Log4J and Logback. They contain similar features and allow logs to be
formatted in interesting ways, so we will pick the most common way to use
Log4J here (Logback is an alternative framework, but we don’ t have
enough space in the book to show you how to use it). We can create a log
service instance for any class by annotating the class with @Slf4j . That
will use Log4J framework to create a log object that can be referenced
from anywhere in that class instance. Here’ s an example:
@RestControllerAdvice
@Slf4j
public class SampleExceptionHandler {
    @ExceptionHandler(RuntimeException.class)
    public ResponseEntity<ProblemDetail>
        handleGenericException(RuntimeException ex) {
        log.error("exception: ", ex);
        ProblemDetail problemDetail =
            ProblemDetail.forStatus(
                HttpStatus.INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR);
        problemDetail.setTitle(
            "Customized Internal Server Error");
        problemDetail.setDetail(
            "An unexpected error occurred: "
                    + ex.getMessage());
        problemDetail.setInstance(
            URI.create(
                "/api/v1/rental-properties/error"));
        problemDetail.setProperty("timestamp",
            LocalDateTime.now().toString());
        log.debug("The resulting error object: {}",
            problemDetail);
        return new ResponseEntity<>(problemDetail,
            HttpStatus.INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR);
    }
    // ... the rest of the code goes here
}
In this class, we are saying that the ﬁrst issued log is at the ERROR  level and
the second one is at the DEBUG  level. These are two dif ferent detail levels
that you will want to be mindful of when running your application. Debug
logs are normally used when you need to know the key  variable values and
the ﬂow details from the  logs so that you know your program is running
correctly . Error logs are used when you do not need details about the pro -
gram’ s normal execution, just the exception details – in essence, instruc -
tions that did not behave as expected, which means your software is broken
at some level.
Now , you need to specify which log level you want to be active when you
are running an application. You can specify that in the properties ﬁle. Here
are three examples from our rental properties microservice properties ﬁle:
# Enable INFO logs for your entire application
logging.level.root=INFO
#Enable DEBUG logs for one of your classes
logging.level.com.homeit.rental.property.controller.S
# Enable DEBUG logs for Spring Web packages logging.l
In the ﬁrst example, we are saying that we just want logs starting from the
INFO  level (the root  log). That means that when you are running the ser -
vice, the application will not produce logs from levels below INFO  (DEBUG
and TRACE ), but it will still produce logs for levels higher than INFO
(WARN , ERROR , and FATAL ).
As you can see, it is very important to choose the level at which you want
your application to produce logs, so always keep a log level hierarchy in
mind.
In the second example, we can see that we have set up the logs for a speciﬁc
class (SampleExceptionHandler ). This means, only for the
SampleExceptionHandler  class, that your application will produce
logs from the DEBUG  level and below (which includes INFO , WARN ,
ERROR , and FATAL ).
Specifying which log levels to produce for speciﬁc classes allows you to fo -
cus on the details of the parts of your application you want to investigate or
monitor more closely . If you set your log level to DEBUG  for your whole
application, it might become impossible to monitor all messages.
It is also possible to turn on more detailed logs for Spring-speciﬁc pack -
ages. That is what we did in the third example. Since the root logger conﬁg -
uration tar gets only your application classes, you will have to explicitly turn
on DEBUG  or TRACE  logs for Spring-speciﬁc classes and packages when
you want to understand what is happening inside the Spring Framework. It
is quite useful to turn on logs for Spring classes sometimes, and you will be
able to see how the Spring native classes behave over time. One example is
that you might ﬁnd it useful to turn on TRACE  or DEBUG  logs for your
RestTemplate  beans. Then, you will be able to look at the HTTP  re-
quests logs in much ﬁner detail.
Understanding your log output
Once you have  set up your logs, you will get dif ferent output in your appli -
cation console. As you run and test your application, you might ﬁnd it use -
ful to play with dif ferent levels a bit so that you understand which ones you
will need in dif ferent environments. Here is an example of a log we get in
the console:
2024-10-07T09:26:25.749-03:00 ERROR 464821 --- [renta
java.lang.RuntimeException: This was a sample unhandl
...
As you can see, the log you produce will have a default date format and
severity level ( ERROR , TRACE , DEBUG , INFO , etc). It will also emit the
class name, as well as any text we have added. Of course, your personalized
text should match the log level you desire. An INFO  log will usually pro -
duce success messages in the console, just to let the team know that the exe -
cution is going on as expected. A DEBUG  log will have variable details to
make it easier to assert that the code is running as expected and the key
variables hold the expected data. An ERROR  log should come with the stack
trace and key variable values to  make it easier to identify where the error
occurred and why .
Compared to the ﬁrst log example, logs produced at the DEBUG  level will
come out a bit dif ferently , as in the following:
2024-10-07T09:26:25.752-03:00 DEBUG 464821 --- [renta
As you can see, the main dif ference between both logs is the level, as men -
tioned above. As we change from the log.error()  method to the
log.info()  method, we can see the levels printed when you’re running
the application. Again, in this case, when you set your log levels to INFO
and don’ t deﬁne DEBUG  logs for your classes, that means every log.de-
bug()  call will produce no output in your console.
That is pretty much it for an introduction on how to better structure your
logs. Now , let’s talk about how to structure your application properties.
How to organize your property files
Besides or ganizing our  logs, we also need to correctly inform our services
about the important values we want them to use during runtime. For in -
stance, in our HomeIt example, at the startup time of the
RentalProperties  service, we probably want to tell it the name of the
topic we want it to read events from, or the address and port of important
services the RentalProperties  service is connecting to, such as the
database address and credentials.
These are  called service pr operties , and there are two types of properties:
The ones that are required by Spring dependencies to deﬁne their
behavior
The ones that you will require in your application to deﬁne the behavior
of your code
There are two important reasons why you would want to set some variables
using service properties:
Because you want to make it easier to change those values when you
launch the same service in different environments.
Because you want to hide values that should be secret, such as creden -
tials. You don’ t want to have passwords hardcoded in your services.
There is not too much to say about what a service property is. Its basic
function is to inform your service about important conﬁguration values that
should be used at execution time.
Now that we have explained the what , we will show some examples of how
you can inject property values into your application. But ﬁrst, let’ s learn the
different ways to declare properties in Spring.
Writing your properties files
In general, your ﬁle  should always be created inside your project folder , in
the src/main/resources  folder . Depending on the format chosen to
write your properties, the ﬁle name will be dif ferent. Let’ s start by looking
at the regular application.properties  format, and then we’ll look
at YAML  format.
Writing an application.properties file
An application.properties  ﬁle is in a simple  format in which you
can set one application property per line, and the name of the property is
separated by a dot. The property value is separated from the property name
by an equals sign. Here is an example, showing a slice of the properties we
are using in our RentalProperties  service:
spring.application.name=rental-property-microservice
server.port=8085
spring.kafka.bootstrap-servers=localhost:9092
spring.kafka.consumer.group-id=proposal-group
spring.kafka.consumer.auto-offset-reset=earliest
As you can see, the properties are or ganized in a hierarchy . Every Spring
Kafka dependency property will have the preﬁx spring.kafka , which
makes it easier to see which dependencies are using each property you
declare.
You can see the entire ﬁle here: https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-
System-Design-in-Practice/blob/main/chapter -11/rental-property-
microservice/src/main/resources/application.properties .
YAML properties file
A YAML  property ﬁle has a different format:
First, the ﬁle should always be named with the .yml  extension, by con -
vention – therefore, it should be named application.yml
Second, the properties preﬁxes all have their own lines, and the child
values are nested with two spaces indentations
Here is an example from the AuthorizationProvider  service. Just
like the application.properties  ﬁle in the RentalProperties
service, the application.yml  property is also located in the
src/main/resources  folder of your project:
spring:
  application:
    name: authprovider
  datasource:
    url: jdbc:h2:mem:testdb
    driverClassName: org.h2.Driver
    username: sa
    password: password
Again, this example is  just a slice of the complete set of  properties used in
the Authorization  service. You can see the entire properties ﬁle here:
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/blob/main/chapter -
11/authprovider/src/main/resources/application.yml .
Overriding a property file when starting
the packaged application
After you  package your application in a JAR ﬁle, there are a number of
ways to override your properties ﬁle so that you do not need to edit the JAR
ﬁle itself. These methods are useful when you are packaging your app with
some development properties ﬁle, then you want to override these environ -
ment properties with properties from the actual environment you will work
with (in production, for example).
Let’s look at ﬁve methods in the following subsections.
Adding a new properties file in the same directory
from your application
Place an application.properties  or application.yml  ﬁle in
the same directory where your JAR ﬁle is located:
rental-properties-microservice.jar
application.properties
When the application starts, Spring Boot looks for external conﬁguration
ﬁles outside the JAR ﬁle  ﬁrst. By adding a properties ﬁle in the same direc -
tory, you can override the properties packaged within the JAR ﬁle.
Adding the properties file to the /config directory
Create a config  directory in the same location  as your JAR ﬁle and place
your application.properties  or application.yml  ﬁle inside
this directory:
yourapp.jar
config/
    application.properties
Spring Boot automatically checks the /config  subdirectory for conﬁgura -
tion ﬁles. Properties deﬁned here will override those inside the JAR ﬁle.
Overriding a property value using the command line
Pass properties directly as command-line  arguments when running your
application:
java -jar yourapp.jar --server.port=8081
Command-line ar guments have the highest precedence in Spring Boot’ s
property hierarchy . This means they will override properties set in both ex -
ternal ﬁles and those packaged within the JAR.
If you declare your property using -D, that means you will inject the prop -
erty into the JVM environment:
java -Dserver.port=8082 -jar yourapp.jar
In this example, you are just overriding one property , the server port.
Defining a new properties file at the command line
Create a new application.properties  or application.yml  ﬁle
with the conﬁgurations you want and place it in a directory of your choice.
Then you can use the --spring.config.location  option to specify
the path to your custom properties ﬁle when running your JAR:
java -jar yourapp.jar --spring.config.location=file:/
Hardcoding your properties
Another way to set properties in your Spring application is to write them in
your code. In our RentalProperties  service, we already did this. We
wrote properties in our RentalPropertiesApplication  class like
so:
private static void virtualThreads(SpringApplication 
    app.setDefaultProperties(
        Map.of("spring.threads.virtual.enabled", "tru
}
Now that you know a few essential ways to declare your service properties,
let’s move to some other tactics you can use to set properties on your Spring
services.
Setting property values using environment
variables
In Spring Boot applications, you can also set property values using your op -
erational system environment variables. Let’ s see two ways to deﬁne prop -
erty values using environment variables.
Overriding properties with environment variables
Environment  variables can  override properties deﬁned in your application’ s
conﬁguration ﬁles. When your application starts, Spring Boot checks for en -
vironment variables that match property names and uses their values to
override the properties you have deﬁned within property ﬁles or from hard -
coded properties in your Spring service (the ones you saw in the previous
examples). To declare your properties with operating system environment
variables, you will replace the dot that separates the properties words with
an underscore.
Here is an example of deﬁning the server port in a Linux environment. You
should remember that, originally , declaring a server port in a properties ﬁle
requires you to write server.port . Now , we just replace the dot with an
underscore. This command can be used on your Linux console to declare
your server property using a system variable:
export SERVER_PORT=8081
Here is an example of deﬁning the server port in a Windows environment:
set SERVER_PORT=8081
With that, whenever you start any Spring application, because Spring Web
will, by default, try  to read the server.port  property from your conﬁgu -
ration, it will read the server port from the environment variable and over -
ride property ﬁles.
Property values order of precedence
When you combine dif ferent ways of declaring property values, some will
override the others. Here is the order of precedence– that is, which property
value sources will override the others:
Command-line ar guments override all other property sources
Java system properties come next in precedence
Environment variables override properties in ﬁles
External conﬁguration ﬁles override packaged ones
Packaged conﬁguration ﬁles are used if no external properties are
provided
Default properties are the last resort (including properties declared di -
rectly in your code)
This is how you can or ganize your way into declaring property values. But
wait, there’ s more. In the next section, let’ s see how to pre-package dif fer-
ent property ﬁles for dif ferent environments. This is what we call the Spring
proﬁles.
Creating property files per deployment
environment
Suppose your application needs to be deployed in a development environ -
ment, then deployed into a staging environment for ﬁnal tests and quality
assurance, before being moved to production. That is a very common sce -
nario in the industry . In that case, wouldn’ t it be nice to have a dif ferent set
of property values already deﬁned for each one of those environments? By
using Spring Proﬁles, you can prepare one .property  or .yml  ﬁle for
each environment.
Let’s say you want your application to run on dif ferent server ports depend -
ing on the environment:
Development (dev): Run on port 8081
Staging (stg): Run on port 8082
Production (prod): Run on port 8080
Here’ s how you can set this up using Spring Proﬁles. First, create proﬁle-
speciﬁc property ﬁles. In your src/main/resources  directory , create
separate property ﬁles for each environment:
application-dev.properties
application-stg.properties
application-prod.properties
In each property ﬁle, declare your server.port  with dif ferent values.
When you run your application, you can specify which proﬁle to activate,
and Spring Boot will automatically load the corresponding properties ﬁle.
For example, this is how you load the dev property ﬁle:
java -jar yourapp.jar --spring.profiles.active=dev
That means your service will load application-dev.properties
along with the default application.properties  ﬁle. The dev envi -
ronment ﬁle will override the default property ﬁle with whatever properties
you have declared in it. By declaring an active proﬁle, Spring will try to
load the ﬁle named application-{profile}.properties  on top
of your default properties ﬁle.
Reading properties from environment variables
Your property values can also reference environment variables. For exam -
ple, when declaring the server.port  property for your Spring applica -
tion, you are allowed to use the following syntax so that you can extract the
value of the environment variable to your property ﬁle:
server.port=${RENTAL_PROPERTIES_SERVER_PORT}
This means your server.port  value will be the same value as the
RENTAL_PROPERTIES_SERVER_PORT  environment variable.
Injecting environment variables is very important when you want to hide
secrets, such as passwords for important services. Storing those values in
environment variables means you do not need to write them directly in your
properties ﬁles. And because they are not in the properties ﬁles, you can
safely guard those ﬁles using Git.
OK, this explains everything you need to know to declare properties in your
services. Now , how can you actually inject one of those properties into your
Spring applications? That’ s what we will learn in the next section.
Injecting properties in your services
If you need to inject an environment variable into your Spring application,
just use the following syntax on your services. In this example, we are
changing the Proposal  service in the
RentalProposalServiceImpl  class so that we can declare the name
of the kafka  topic in our property ﬁle:
@Value("${rental.proposal.topic.name:sample-name}")
private String topicName;
This is how we can declare the property in the application.proper -
ties  ﬁle:
rental.proposal.topic.name=proposal-topic
This wraps up how you can structure your application property values. To
summarize, you can do the following:
Write separate property ﬁles in dif ferent formats ( properties  or
.yml ﬁles)
Write speciﬁc property ﬁles for dif ferent execution proﬁles (useful for
providing value to different environments)
Set the property ﬁles to be used when starting the application
Set the property values in the command line for starting your Spring
application
Set the property ﬁles directly in your code
Use your operating system to store property ﬁle values that Spring will
detect at startup time
Inject your own property ﬁles in your Spring services
With that, we can go to the next topic, where we see how we can use Spring
Cloud to launch services in a self-or ganizing way .
Setting up your services using
Spring Cloud
Spring Cloud is a  set of tools in Spring that helps you launch your services
with a series of features that allow you to simplify your connections. By us -
ing Spring Cloud, you are able to do things such as the following:
Create a conﬁguration service that will host the conﬁg ﬁles for all your
microservices
Create a discovery service that will help your services to connect to one
another automatically , regardless of the IP  and ports used by each service
Scale your microservices to multiple copies and have them working be -
hind load balancers automatically
Map all your services in a single API gateway in such a way that your
clients can reach any of your microservices by just hitting one IP  and one
port
Let’s see how this works by ﬁrst looking at the Spring Cloud topology . We
will use our HomeIt example  to illustrate how the Spring Cloud topology is
built.
Understanding the Spring Cloud topology
The following  diagram lays out how the Spring Cloud components ﬁt into
the architecture we have built so far for HomeIt:
Figure 1 1.1: HomeIt Spring Cloud topology
The following observations apply:
First, the API gateway is a special Spring Cloud service we are going to
write that will allow our clients to consume just one IP  and port in order
to reach any service in your cloud. That will mean you don’ t have to
force your clients to have addresses for every service copy . Also, the API
gateway will automatically load-balance the calls to your services if you
create several copies for each one. That helps to scale your app horizon -
tally (when you need to create multiple copies of the same service to
handle more throughput).
Second, the Conﬁg service is a special Spring Cloud service that allows
you to expose a conﬁg repository so that any of your services will be
able to load conﬁgurations from the Conﬁg service directly . The Conﬁg
service enables retrieving property ﬁles from dif ferent mediums. In our
example, we will expose the conﬁguration ﬁles using GitHub as a central
repository , which is ideal when we want to version our property ﬁles.
When starting up, the Conﬁg service will basically clone your Git con -
ﬁguration repository and make the ﬁles available to other services.
Third, the Discovery service (also called the Eureka service) allows
every service on your cloud to ﬁnd every other service. It serves the fol-
lowing purposes:
It allows all the services in your architecture to publish their own in -
stances and say which IP  they are running on and which HTTP  port
they are listening to.
As the Discovery service will know every other service on your
cloud, as well as its IP  and port, it can inform every other service
where to ﬁnd any available service. That means all your services will
be able to ﬁnd each other automatically when you use the special
Spring Cloud conﬁgurations that we will see in the next sections.
Because every service will read its own conﬁgurations from your
Spring Cloud Conﬁg service, you will have a much easier time setting
speciﬁc conﬁgurations for your services in dif ferent environments
that you might have to use.
As you can see, your Spring Cloud environment will take care of connect -
ing all the services to each other in whatever environment you need to
launch your services in.
In the next sections, we will learn how to write these special services and
how to change our current services to enjoy the beneﬁts of a self-conﬁgur -
ing cloud environment.
Launching the Discovery service
The Discovery service, also  known as the Eureka service, is a very simple
microservice that helps you to map every other service in your cloud. It was
originally created by Netﬂix for their own use, but later , the company decid -
ed to make it open source. Due to its obvious beneﬁts, it was incorporated
into the Spring Cloud set of services.
There is no need to conﬁgure extra dependencies to create your Discovery
service. You just create a sample service using the Spring Initializr . Then,
extract the project content to your hard drive and set your build.gradle
ﬁle to the following:
plugins {
   id 'java'
   id 'org.springframework.boot' version '3.3.4'
   id 'io.spring.dependency-management' version '1.1.
}
group = 'com.homeit'
version = '0.0.1-SNAPSHOT'
java {
   toolchain {
      languageVersion = JavaLanguageVersion.of(21)
   }
}
dependencyManagement {
   imports {
      mavenBom "org.springframework.cloud:spring-clou
   }
}
repositories {
   mavenCentral()
}
dependencies {
   implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-bo
   implementation 'org.springframework.cloud:spring-c
   implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-bo
   testImplementation 'org.springframework.boot:sprin
   testRuntimeOnly 'org.junit.platform:junit-platform
}
tasks.named('test') {
   useJUnitPlatform()
}
In the code block, the dependencyManagement  section downloads the
correct version of any Spring Cloud dependencies you might have so that
you don’ t need to set the version in every dependency .
The key dependency here is netflix-eureka . This is the one that auto -
matically adds some REST  endpoints to your service that allow the
Discovery service to receive registration requests from other services, and
that allows other services to discover registered services. The registered ser -
vices are kept in an in-memory database by default.
These are the key properties of the Eureka service in the HomeIt
architecture:
spring.application.name=eureka-server
server.port=8761
eureka.client.register-with-eureka=false
eureka.client.fetch-registry=false
As you can see, we are setting the name of the service and the default port,
and ﬁnally , we have two key options: register-with-eureka , which
tells the service to not try to register itself in another Eureka service, and
fetch-registry , which is currently setting the Eureka service to not
fetch registry data from other Eureka services. These options are useful
when doing standalone Eureka service conﬁgurations.
Also, in order to have your application running the Eureka services, you
will need to add a special annotation to your main application class. Here’ s
an example:
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableEurekaServer
public class EurekaServerApplication {
 public static void main(String[] args) {
  SpringApplication.run(EurekaServerApplication.class
 }
}
By doing that, you will be able to run the Eureka service. It runs on stand -
alone mode, which means you will have just one Eureka service instance
available for your cloud. The downside is that if your Eureka service stops,
all the other services won’ t be kept up to date with their peer service ad -
dresses. If any of your services change, Eureka will not be there to update
your cloud services about that change.
Standalone mode can be a bit risky , so we need to add multiple instances of
the Eureka service. If you want to have high availability with multiple
Eureka service instances, you need to deﬁne what other Eureka service in -
stances are available in all your service instances. You will list all the
Eureka service instances that are available by using the defaultZone
conﬁguration on your service properties (including all Eureka instances).
Also, you will have to set the fetch-registry  and register-
with-eureka  options to true  in your Eureka services as well.
Here is an example of how one Eureka service can query other services:
eureka.client.register-with-eureka=false
eureka.client.fetch-registry=false
eureka.client.service-url.defaultZone=http: //localho
And that’ s it for our Discovery service. You can see the full implementation
of an Eureka service here: https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-
System-Design-in-Practice/tree/main/chapter -11/eureka-server . Next, let’ s
see how to run the Conﬁg service, which allows your microservices to
download property ﬁles from a central place.
Launching the Config service
The Conﬁg service allows you to have a centralized location from which
your microservices can download their property ﬁles. We have seen that
managing your property ﬁles is a very important part of making your mi -
croservices work in many dif ferent environments. So, instead of having dis -
tributed property ﬁles and deciding how each service should discover them
on a case-by-case basis, why not have a single location from which all your
services can just query their properties at startup time?
Making this design uniform all across your microservices is the purpose of
a Conﬁg service. This is how to build one.
Building a Spring Cloud Config service
To create a  Spring Cloud Conﬁg service, Go to the Spring Initializr website
and create a basic Spring application. You can add whatever application and
package name you want. Then, this is what your build.gradle  ﬁle
should look like:
plugins {
   id 'java'
   id 'org.springframework.boot' version '3.3.4'
   id 'io.spring.dependency-management' version '1.1.
}
group = 'com.homeit'
version = '0.0.1-SNAPSHOT'
java {
   toolchain {
      languageVersion = JavaLanguageVersion.of(21)
   }
}
dependencyManagement {
   imports {
      mavenBom "org.springframework.cloud:spring-clou
   }
}
repositories {
   mavenCentral()
}
dependencies {
   implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-bo
   implementation 'org.springframework.cloud:spring-c
   implementation 'org.springframework.cloud:spring-c
   testImplementation 'org.springframework.boot:sprin
   testRuntimeOnly 'org.junit.platform:junit-platform
}
tasks.named('test') {
   useJUnitPlatform()
}
In the plugins  section, I have set the version and dependency manage -
ment to a speciﬁc version number .
In the dependencyManagement  section, I have set the imports  direc -
tive, in which we specify what BOM ﬁle to use. Those directives help with
writing the dependencies  section, as you won’ t need to write the ver -
sion number for your Spring dependencies. If you don’ t have those depen -
dency management guides in your build ﬁle, you will need to know exactly
which version you should use for each Spring dependency .
In the dependencies  section, we have these important dependencies:
The Spring Cloud Conﬁg Server dependency , which adds everything you
need in this microservice to serve conﬁguration ﬁles ef fortlessly .
The Spring Cloud Starter Netﬂix Eureka Client, which gets your Conﬁg
Server to automatically register itself in the Eureka service. This allows
your microservices to automatically know where to ﬁnd the Conﬁg
service.
Now that we have added the dependencies to our Conﬁg service, let’ s learn
how to set its properties, which is a critical step to make it work.
Setting the Spring Config Server properties
Because there are  quite a few important properties that should go on a
Spring Conﬁg server , let’s break down the properties ﬁle and add a few dif -
ferent sections in order to make it easier to understand.
Setting basic application properties and GitHub access
Just like in the Eureka  service, a full Conﬁg Server is actually pretty simple
to write, as you do not need to add extra classes and services to your code.
Once you have set up the dependencies in your build.gradle  ﬁle, this
is the default property ﬁle we are going to use for the HomeIt Conﬁg
Server:
spring.application.name=config-server
server.port=8888
spring.cloud.config.server.git.uri=https: //github.co
spring.cloud.config.server.git.username=${GIT_USER}
spring.cloud.config.server.git.password=${GIT_KEY}
spring.cloud.config.server.git.searchPaths=config-rep
As you can see, I am setting the port to 8888 , then setting up the Git repos -
itory where I want to get the conﬁguration ﬁles from. I am also setting the
username and password to two environment variables (I am using the
GitHub developer token as the password). Plus I am telling Spring that,
once it clones the repository , the conﬁguration ﬁles lie in the config-
repo/  directory .
Those were all the property values we needed for setting up the Git conﬁgu -
ration and the basic service properties, such as the application name and the
server port. Let’ s now look at the properties used by the Eureka clients so
that your Conﬁg Server knows how to publish itself to your Eureka service,
and also so that it knows how to get other service addresses from the
Eureka registry .
Setting the Eureka properties
The following properties  are related to the Eureka service. It will help your
Conﬁg Service to connect to your Spring Cloud environment:
eureka.client.service-url.defaultZone=http: //localho
eureka.client.register-with-eureka=true
eureka.client.fetch-registry=true
eureka.instance.prefer-ip-address=true
Here, I am telling my Conﬁg Server that the Eureka service can be found at
port 8761 and that this conﬁg server should register itself in Eureka. This
server will fetch the registered servers from Eureka and will prefer to use
the IP  addresses to reach other servers.
Setting the right log levels for transparency
Knowing what  is happening  with your Conﬁg service is crucial for trou -
bleshooting your Spring Cloud environment. So, let’ s see some other im -
portant options in the properties ﬁle for our HomeIt Conﬁg Server that will
produce logs that say what is happening in your Conﬁg Server:
logging.level.org.springframework.cloud.config.server
logging.level.org.eclipse.jgit=DEBUG
logging.level.org.springframework.web=DEBUG
logging.level.org.springframework.cloud.config.server
After setting up the Eureka properties, in this section, I am setting the log
levels I want for the Conﬁg service so that I know what is happening when
the server is running.
As you can see, I am ﬁrst setting the logs to the DEBUG  level in the follow -
ing parts:
The JGit dependency , which deals with connecting to the conﬁgured
GitHub repository (the JGit dependency is automatically and implicitly
imported when you use the Spring Cloud Conﬁg Server dependency).
The Spring Web dependency and the Cloud Conﬁg server dependency as
well. This allows me to understand what is happening under the hood
when my conﬁg server starts and when other microservices try to down -
load their property ﬁles, respectively .
And this is pretty much it  for your Conﬁg service. Let’ s see the last step,
which is to create your main application class that will run the
Conﬁguration service.
Writing the application class
In order for  the Conﬁg Service to work properly , you need a simple applica -
tion class that goes something like this:
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableConfigServer
@EnableDiscoveryClient
public class ConfigServerApplication {
 public static void main(String[] args) {
  SpringApplication.run(ConfigServerApplication.class
 }
}
You need just two extra annotations:
@EnableConfigServer  will ensure that Spring injects everything
you need for your Conﬁg Server to run properly , allowing other services
to query for their own conﬁguration ﬁles.
@EnableDiscoveryClient  will ensure this Conﬁg Server registers
itself in the Eureka service. Remember , Eureka needs to know where the
services are so that they can connect to each other ef fortlessly . We will
see how that happens in the Integrating your services with Spring Cloud
section.
If you want to see the full code for this conﬁg service, just follow this link:
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -11/conﬁg-server .
Next, let’ s see an example of how you can structure your property ﬁles in
your Git repository .
Setting up your property files on a Git
repository
To make sure your applications can download property ﬁles from dif ferent
environments, let’ s use the Spring Proﬁles feature. I have created four dif -
ferent property ﬁles for each service: a default property ﬁle and three dif fer-
ent ﬁles for hypothetical environments: dev , stg, and prod.
Here’ s a list of the ﬁles I created. As you can see, there are four ﬁles pre -
ﬁxed with the rental-property-microservice  string. That means
these are the four property ﬁles for the rental property microservice we
wrote in our HomeIt project – one for each environment (the default ﬁle,
then dev , stg, and prod):
authprovider-dev.properties
authprovider-prod.properties
authprovider.properties
authprovider-stg.properties
rental-property-microservice-dev.properties
rental-property-microservice-prod.properties
rental-property-microservice.properties
rental-property-microservice-stg.properties
rental-proposal-service-dev.properties
rental-proposal-service-prod.properties
rental-proposal-service.properties
rental-proposal-service-stg.properties
revoke-token-service-dev.properties
revoke-token-service-prod.properties
revoke-token-service.properties
revoke-token-service-stg.properties
All these ﬁles can be seen in the repository for the project https://github. -
com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-Practice/tree/main/conﬁg-
repo.
Also, I have created the ﬁles in a very simple way , just to illustrate how to
change properties from  one environment to another . Here is an example for
the rental properties microservice in prod:
server.port=9801
As you can see, I am only changing the port number in each property ﬁle. In
the real world, the Rental Property service property ﬁle would have a lot of
different properties in each environment, depending on external services
you would like to use, for example. In general, dev , stg, and prod would
provide the same external services but in dif ferent URLs (think about data -
base connections, for instance).
Your property ﬁlename in the Conﬁg Server repository must start with the
server name you set in the default property ﬁle of your project. In the case
of the Rental property service, we have set this value in the applica-
tion.properties  ﬁle:
spring.application.name=rental-property-microservice
This means that whatever proﬁle I run the Rental Property service with,
once I conﬁgure this service to integrate with my Spring Cloud environ -
ment, it will try to fetch property ﬁles starting with the rental-proper -
ties-microservice  preﬁx. That is crucial for ensuring you get the
right conﬁguration.
Next, let’ s see how we should program our own services for them to inte -
grate automatically with Spring Cloud.
Integrating your services with Spring
Cloud
To fully integrate  your services with Spring Cloud, there are three
requirements:
Prepare your server to register itself to a Eureka service
Prepare your server to fetch property ﬁles from a Spring Cloud Conﬁg
Server
Get your server to discover other services automatically
To implement those three requirements, we will go through ﬁve steps in to -
tal. In the following sections, these are the steps we will follow . Let’ s adapt
the Rental Properties service adapted to this environment. You can adapt
these steps to integrate other services into a Spring Cloud environment.
Adding necessary Spring Cloud dependencies
First, add these  dependencies to your build.gradle  ﬁle:
implementation 'org.springframework.cloud:spring-clou
implementation 'org.springframework.cloud:spring-clou
The ﬁrst dependency will ensure your service connects to a Eureka service,
while the second will ensure your service downloads the conﬁg ﬁles from a
Conﬁg Server .
Setting your service properties
In order to force your microservice to download conﬁgurations from a
Conﬁg Service and to connect to Eureka, the following properties need to
be added to your default properties ﬁle:
eureka.client.service-url.defaultZone=http: //localho
spring.config.import=configserver:
Remember that our Eureka service is set up to work on port 8761 and that
the spring.config.import  option is telling your microservice to
look for a conﬁg server in Eureka. Because we have added the started con -
ﬁg dependency , Spring will do all it needs to download the conﬁguration
from the Conﬁg Server – this all comes out of the box with Spring Cloud
architecture.
Configuring your application class
To make sure  your microservice integrates with the Eureka service, you will
need to add the following annotation to your application class:
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableDiscoveryClient
public class RentalPropertyApplication {
    // the rest of the code goes here...
}
With the properties and annotations set in this section and in the last two
sections, your microapp will register itself with your Eureka service. Then,
it will try to fetch the conﬁguration ﬁle from the Conﬁg server . Remember ,
your conﬁg server is also conﬁgured to register itself with the Eureka
service.
@EnableDiscoveryClient  will set your application to connect to
your Eureka service, but it can only know how to connect to it because you
have set up the dependencies and the properties in the right way .
Choosing what property file your microservice will
use
OK, but how  can we set up our Rental Properties application class to down -
load the prod properties ﬁle, for example? That’ s easy: just make sure you
are setting the right Spring Proﬁle at startup time. Then, get your microser -
vice JAR ﬁle and run the following command:
java -jar rental-property-microservice.jar --spring.p
This command will make our Rental Properties microservice look for the
rental-property-microservice-prod.properties  ﬁle in the
Conﬁg Server .
Calling other services with self-discovery
What about connecting to other services? When you integrate your applica -
tion into a Spring Cloud architecture, it is possible to connect to another
service using RestTemplate  by doing two things.
First, declare your RestTemplate  bean factory with a special annotation:
@Configuration
public class RestTemplateConfiguration {
    @Bean
    @LoadBalanced
    public RestTemplate restTemplate() {
        return new RestTemplate();
    }
}
By using the @LoadBalanced  annotation, Spring Cloud will ensure two
things:
First, that your application uses the registry that Eureka provides. That
means your application will be able to know the IP  and port of your oth -
er microservices by just using the names of the other microservices de -
clared in their own properties ﬁle.
Second, Spring Cloud will ensure that if you have multiple copies of the
same services running on your Spring Cloud environment, the calling
service alternates between dif ferent tar get service instances when calling
another microservice. This is what we call load balancing . In other
words, the service starting the HTTP  calls will distribute the calls, or the
load, between dif ferent copies of the same destination services.
This is an important aspect of the discovery service in Spring Cloud. If you
run multiple copies of the same services and they are conﬁgured to use the
Eureka service, Eureka will keep a list of all existing instances in dif ferent
IPs and ports. In other words, if you run the Proposal service multiple times
from dif ferent IPs and ports, your Eureka service will know every instance.
And every time a service tries to call the Rental Property service, the load-
balanced RestTemplate  will receive a list of those dif ferent instances
and will distribute the calls evenly . Keep this in mind when you’re thinking
about scaling your services to deal with more trafﬁc.
Here is the second thing to do to allow your Spring services to automatical -
ly discover other services in your cloud environment. Let’ s see how the
Rental Property service is able to call another server . We need to declare the
url parameter using just the name of the destination service. Plus, since we
have programmed the Rental Properties service to query the Revoke Token
service to discover if the token is still valid, we set the call to  automatically
discover the address of the Revoke Token service. This is what the code
will look like:
public boolean isTokenRevoked(String token) {
    String url = "http:/ /revoke-token-service/api/re
    // the rest of the code goes here
}
Remember , this is the code in the
RestTemplateRevokedTokenService  class. Before the Spring
Cloud conﬁguration, we needed to set the location and port of the destina -
tion service. But since we are now using Eureka as a discovery service, by
just referring to your destination service using the name of your tar get
server set in the properties ﬁle, Spring Cloud will make sure Eureka informs
your calling server where the destination service will be located. This is in -
credible and useful! That makes your cloud self-conﬁguring in every envi -
ronment that you launch it.
These are the most important things you need to do in every one of your
services. If you want to see how this is set up for all the services we have
built so far , the ﬁnal code for our  servers is here:
Eureka: https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -11/eureka-server
Conﬁg  Server: https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-
Design-in-Practice/tree/main/chapter -11/conﬁg-server
Rental Properties service: https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-
System-Design-in-Practice/tree/main/chapter -11/rental-property-
microservice
Rental  Proposal service: https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-
System-Design-in-Practice/tree/main/chapter -11/rental-proposal-service
Authorization provider: https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-
System-Design-in-Practice/tree/main/chapter -11/authprovider
We have gone very far! At this point, your microservice cloud is able to
serve conﬁguration  ﬁles remotely and discover other services automatically .
Now , let’s discuss how to serve all your service requests from a single loca -
tion: a Spring API gateway .
Launching the API Gateway service
If you have done  everything we’ve discussed so far , the following situation
is true: your services are launching and discovering each other automatical -
ly, and your conﬁguration ﬁles are all centralized in one place. That’ s cool,
but there is one problem still to be solved: if an external HTTP  client were
supposed to consume these services, they would have to either ﬁnd out the
microservice IPs and ports by querying the Eureka service or we would
need another way to make the external client know where to ﬁnd your
servers.
Enter the Spring Cloud Gateway . Instead of forcing your external clients to
know how to query the Eureka server , the Spring Cloud Gateway allows
you to centralize all your endpoints in a single service by setting up a
façade server . In our HomeIt cloud, this means our frontend would be able
to create users and tokens, create and query properties, and create and query
proposals using a single IP  and port, with different endpoints.
The way to conﬁgure the Spring Cloud Gateway is to follow these steps:
1. Create a simple Spring application in Spring Initializr .
2. Add the dependencies needed by the gateway .
3. Conﬁgure the endpoints using the properties ﬁle.
Let’s see how that happens with our HomeIt example.
Create a simple Spring application in Spring
Initializr with the right dependencies
By now , you know how to create a simple app with Spring Initializr . So, go
there and create one without any special dependencies.
Next, set your build.gradle  ﬁle to the following:
plugins {
   id 'java'
   id 'org.springframework.boot' version '3.3.4'
   id 'io.spring.dependency-management' version '1.1.
}
group = 'com.homeit'
version = '0.0.1-SNAPSHOT'
java {
   toolchain {
      languageVersion = JavaLanguageVersion.of(21)
   }
}
dependencyManagement {
   imports {
      mavenBom "org.springframework.cloud:spring-clou
   }
}
repositories {
   mavenCentral()
}
dependencies {
   implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-bo
   implementation 'org.springframework.cloud:spring-c
   implementation 'org.springframework.cloud:spring-c
   testImplementation 'org.springframework.boot:sprin
   testRuntimeOnly 'org.junit.platform:junit-platform
}
tasks.named('test') {
   useJUnitPlatform()
}
By setting the Eureka client dependency , your API gateway will connect to
your Eureka service, and every service you run will be made available to
your API gateway .
Next, let’ s set the application class to enable the discovery client services by
adding the @EnableDiscoveryClient  annotation:
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableDiscoveryClient
public class ApiGatewayApplication {
 public static void main(String[] args) {
  SpringApplication.run(ApiGatewayApplication.class, 
 }
}
Easy enough, right? Setting up the application  is quite simple. Now , we
need to conﬁgure the API gateway .
Configure the endpoints using the API gateway
service properties file
In order to create our API gateway endpoints, we need to declare them in
our .yml  property ﬁle. There is no need to write a lot of code. This is the
start of the application.yml  ﬁle:
spring:
  application:
    name: api-gateway
  cloud:
    gateway:
      discovery:
        locator:
          enabled: true
          lower-case-service-id: true
This informs Spring Cloud that this application is called api-gateway ,
that the gateway service will be activated to discover the other services in
the cloud, and that every service query should be handled by parsing service
names to lowercase.
Now , this is what we need to declare the endpoints we want in this API
gateway . It is all done within the conﬁguration ﬁle. Notice the spaces,
which have been left intentionally , as all these  routes  are children of the
spring.cloud.gateway  property in the properties hierarchy:
      routes:
        - id: authprovider
          uri: lb://authprovider
          predicates:
            - Path=/auth/**
          filters:
            - StripPrefix=1
        - id: revoketoken
          uri: lb://revoke-token-service
          predicates:
            - Path=/revoke/**
          filters:
            - StripPrefix=1
        - id: rentalproposal
          uri: lb://rental-proposal-service
          predicates:
            - Path=/proposals/**
        - id: rentalproperties
          uri: lb://rental-property-microservice
          predicates:
            - Path=/properties/**
          filters:
            - StripPrefix=1
These conﬁgurations create API gateway endpoints for all the important
services we have so far . Let’ s take just one of the deﬁned paths to under -
stand its pieces:
        - id: rentalproperties
          uri: lb://rental-property-microservice
          predicates:
            - Path=/properties/**
          filters:
            - StripPrefix=1
Now , let’s see what each attribute means.
Spring API gateway configuration attributes
The id attribute helps to create a name for an API gateway endpoint. It
generally means we are setting an endpoint for one of our services. In the
HomeIt context, we are talking about creating an API gateway endpoint for
providing external clients access to the Rental Properties service.
The uri attribute means the service location inside the Eureka registry .
Here, we are declaring that we want load-balanced access to the service
named rental-property-microservice  (remember , this is the
name of the service we have set up in the default application.prop -
erties  ﬁle in the Rental Properties service).
Note that by load balanced , we mean that every call to our API gateway
that is destined to the Rental Properties service will be distributed across
every running instance of the Rental Properties service that registers itself
in our Eureka service. That is a lot to take, so read it again to make sure you
understand what it means. Spring Cloud is an architecture that makes a lot
of things automatically!
The predicates  section tells us that whenever a request comes to the
API gateway and the URI has the /properties/  preﬁx, the API gateway
will forward that request to the Rental Properties service that was discov -
ered in the Eureka registry .
The filters  section tells us that when we forward a request to the Rental
Properties service, we will strip away the /properties/  preﬁx by using
the StripPrefix=1  directive. In other words, we strip away one level of
the root URL  in every request before forwarding it to the destination
service.
That means, in practice, that other applications will have to call the API
gateway in http://{api-
gateway:port}/properties/api/v1/rental-properties
so that the gateway can strip away the properties  portion of the URI
and forward the request to http://{rental-properties-mi -
croservice:port}/api/v1/rental-properties .
That was rentalproperties , but as you can see in this collection of
endpoints, we have also declared endpoints for all important services in our
HomeIt architecture, including authprovider , revokentoken , and
rentalproposal  too. How interesting is that?
Now , let’s see the other parts of our application.yml  ﬁle:
logging:
  level:
    com.homeit.logs.GlobalFilterLogs: DEBUG
    org.springframework.cloud.gateway: DEBUG
    org.springframework.http.server.reactive: DEBUG
    reactor.netty.http.server: DEBUG
We have set these log levels to make sure we can see everything that is hap -
pening when the API gateway receives a call and forwards it to other
servers. It will produce debug logs for our GlobalFilter logs (we will see
these in a bit), and it will also produce debug logs for the API Gateway de -
pendency , the Reactive Server dependency , and the HTTP  server dependen -
cy as well.
Let’s look at the last properties:
server:
  port: 8080
eureka:
  client:
    service-url:
      defaultZone: http: //localhost:8761/eureka/
As you can see, we are setting our API gateway to serve requests at port
8080, and the service URL  for eureka  to port 8761 in localhost. This
means that whatever requests at http://localhost:8080/{what -
ever-uri}  hit our API gateway conﬁgurations, if the preﬁxes match any
of the ﬁlters we created, the API gateway will know how to forward that re -
quest to one of our services.
With that, you have set up your API gateway . Now , we need to improve the
transparency of our logs, so we will add a global ﬁlter class that will let you
know everything important about every request your API gateway receives.
Setting transparent logs in your Spring API gateway
Because we need  more transparency to check whether our API gateway
works properly , I have created a class called GlobalFilterLogs . It
means that all the calls the API gateway receives will produce logs with
every bit of information in that HTTP  request. Let’ s look at the
implementation:
@Component
public class GlobalFilterLogs
    implements GlobalFilter, Ordered {
    private static final Logger logger = LoggerFactor
        .getLogger(GlobalFilterLogs.class);
    @Override
    public Mono<Void> filter(ServerWebExchange exchan
org.springframework.cloud.gateway.filter.GatewayFilte
    // Log the request path and headers
    logger.info("Incoming request: {} {}",
        exchange.getRequest().getMethod(),
        exchange.getRequest().getURI());
    exchange.getRequest().getHeaders()
        .forEach((name, values) -> {
            values.forEach(value -> logger.debug(
                "Request Header: {}={}", name, value)
        });
    return chain.filter(exchange)
        .then(Mono.fromRunnable(() -> {
        // Log the response status code and headers
        logger.info("Outgoing response: {}",
            exchange.getResponse().getStatusCode());
        exchange.getResponse().getHeaders()
            .forEach((name, values) -> {
                values.forEach(value -> logger.debug(
                "Response Header: {}={}", name, value
            });
        }));
    }
    @Override
    public int getOrder() {
      return -1; // Ensure this filter is applied fir
    }
}
This neat code piece will inject a class in our API gateway cycle that will
log all handled request and response objects to our console at the debug lev -
el. This makes it transparent that we are making requests in the right way to
our destination services.
This is what we needed to set up our API gateway properly . Let’ s test the
entire Spring Cloud environment.
Hitting the API gateway with our
integration tests
Now that we have conﬁgured our Spring  Cloud environment, how do we
test it completely?
First, we need to know how to make it all available for our external clients.
To make sure all the servers are connecting with each other in the right way ,
this is the order in which you need to run your services:
1. The Eureka service needs to be started before everything else.
2. The Conﬁg service needs to be started next.
3. Then your API gateway can be started.
4. Finally , you can start your own services.
Your services will then register and query the Eureka service registry , and
hence they will be able to fetch the conﬁg ﬁles from the Conﬁg Server .
Also, the API gateway will discover your services automatically since the
Eureka service updates the other clients.
Understanding these steps and the order in which you should start them is
crucial for making your Spring Cloud work. Here are a few other interesting
facts about Spring Cloud that you must have in mind:
If one of your service instances is down, Eureka will update its own reg -
istry automatically in just a few seconds, and all Eureka clients will
know that a service instance is down.
When a new service instance is up, its Eureka clients will inform the
Eureka service, which will in turn inform all other servers that a new in -
stance of a service is online.
These two ﬁrst bullets mean that you can spin new service instances up
or kill instances, and all your other services will know about it. They will
ﬁgure out on their own which instances are alive over time.
If your Eureka service is down, the other services will try to connect to
one another by using the last information they have about their peer
services.
Once your Eureka service is up again, it will automatically gather infor -
mation about other services and refresh itself.
The API gateway will be updated over time as new instances are down
or up, and because it also uses load balancers, it can distribute calls to
servers dynamically as the IPs and ports change over time for different
servers.
These features make Spring Cloud very powerful and resilient. We are go -
ing to explore other important Spring Cloud features in the next chapter .
Now , we still need to make some adjustments in our integration tests, to
make sure they are calling our HomeIt service by using the API gateway we
have set up. Since I wanted our integration tests to hit the API gateway di -
rectly , I have made the following changes to our code:
Every request address was changed to localhost:8080  because I am
running these services on my local computer , but it could be in any IP  in
which you will run your API gateway .
All requests were changed to add the preﬁx we created in our API gate -
way. Before the change, we were calling our individual services directly ,
so the URL  of the service was a bit dif ferent. For instance, for the Rental
Properties service, we would have the URL  /api/v1/rental-
properties , and in the API gateway , we expect to receive the preﬁx
/properties/  in the URL. If we try to call our services without ﬁx -
ing the preﬁx to the one accepted by our API gateway , you will get a se -
ries of 404 responses.
You can see the full implementation of our integration tests here (insert the
repository’ s URL  here). This version of the integration tests will create
users, tokens, properties, and proposals by directly accessing our API gate -
way without knowing where the other services lie behind the curtains. It is
simply superb that we can hide those details from our clients and make our
cloud services much simpler .
And that is how we create a full Spring Cloud architecture, allowing your
services to be self-conﬁgurable and discoverable.
Summary
In this chapter , we have discussed how to or ganize our services to properly
run in dif ferent environments. We started by looking at how to structure our
logs and how to activate/deactivate log levels. We have also learned how to
organize our properties with very dif ferent strategies that allow us to adapt
to dif ferent environments, purposes, and circumstances. Finally , we have set
up our services by using the Spring Cloud framework, which provides very
high conﬁgurability , load balancing, discoverability , and resilience to our
microservice cloud. We have learned that by using an API gateway , we can
simplify external access to dif ferent services in whatever IPs and ports are
available. Plus, we have updated our integration tests to ensure we can do
end-to-end tests directly by connecting to the API gateway .
In the next chapters, we will learn how to optimize this architecture further
so that we can have faster services that can recover from failure. I hope to
see you there!
12
Optimizing Your Services
Welcome to our last chapter! This book was a wild ride going through sev -
eral dif ferent Spring Framework patterns. In this chapter , we will look at
what could go wrong with services—because it is not always a happy
world, right? Dealing with systems means we will see many severe issues—
including in production. This chapter is meant to soften the blow . That is, it
is meant to help you to prepare your system to be more resilient, fault-toler -
ant, and optimized.
We will cover the following topics in this chapter:
Setting the right performance expectations for your projects
Using caching to speed up access to critical data
Recovering from failures with dead letter queues
Real-time service monitoring with Spring Actuator
Handling faulty services with Resilience4j
Preventing race conditions with a SQL trick
Recovering from failures using an audit job
Dealing with a sur ge of requests by using throttling
In this chapter , you will be presented with a series of strategies for handling
pitfalls in your systems. OK, let’ s get down to it!
Technical requirements
In order to go through these examples, you will need access to the chap-
ter-12  folder of our sample code repository: https://github.com/Packt -
Publishing/Spring-System-Design-in-Practice/tree/main/chapter -12.
More speciﬁcally , you can ﬁnd the new code sample in the implementation
of the Rental Pr operties  service:
https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Spring-System-Design-in-
Practice/tree/main/chapter -12/rental-property-microservice .
Setting the right performance
expectations for your project
When you write software, you pour a part of your heart into the code. You
spend a lot of time imagining great ideas to write. It turns out that a lot of
our best ideas are faulty and buggy , which could be hard to accept. Because
of that, software is also an emotional rollercoaster of sorts. The following
principles may help you to deal with those emotions and expectations.
Failures are unavoidable
Bugs, errors, malfunctioning, outages, network errors, hardware failures—
these are all expected in  software architecture and completely unavoidable
in anyone’ s microservices. It is simply impossible for developers to deal
with so many variables. I often say to my teams that the internet is a com -
plete miracle. Can you imagine how many data structures and systems need
to be perfectly aligned—in software and hardware—so that this incredible
environment can freely distribute information throughout the world?
Dealing with systems is a nightmare sometimes, so we need to just be at
peace with the fact that software is risky . When you build something, it
does not matter how much attention and quality assurance you bring to the
table—something is going to break; something is going to be ofﬂine
unexpectedly .
When your system grows, the chance of something going wrong grows
more and more. So, the ﬁrst thing you should keep in mind about perfor -
mance improvement and troubleshooting is this: you will need to do it at
some point.
Launch early, optimize later
The second thing I like to think about software optimization is this: since
there are countless ways to improve your engineering, do not try to launch
the perfect system from scratch—else, you will never launch it and will
spend a lot of money on optimizations that never see production.
Optimizations take time and eat up your company’ s money , so you should
only optimize against clear issues you are likely to face in production. If
you know that your system will need to  serve 20,000 requests per second,
then create your system to handle that from the very ﬁrst version. But if you
know the ﬁrst version of your system will be released to barely 1,000 users
in the ﬁrst month, just launch it without support for thousands of requests
per second. Having that mindset will allow you to apply your company re -
sources with efﬁcacy . Being able to ship things, instead of delaying deliver -
ies for a utopian perfection, will make you stand out among developers.
Key bottlenecks that can slow things down
Performance bottlenecks in software can occur in various key areas. Take
Figur e 12.1 as an example. That is a very simpliﬁed version of our current
architecture. Each component represents something that can break. Let’ s
take a look:
Figure 12.1 – A sample internet architecture
In the browser , rendering heavy pages or inefﬁcient scripts can slow down
interactions or break network calls. A CDN might introduce latency if im -
properly conﬁgured. An API gateway can become a bottleneck if over -
loaded. Object storage access may be slow due to network or even local
hardware constraints. A poorly optimized microservice can consume exces -
sive CPU or memory . Network issues can af fect data ﬂow between services,
especially in containers. Slow hard disks and network ﬁlesystems can delay
data retrieval. Inefﬁcient databases can lead to sluggish queries, impacting
overall performance. Finally , if you design your software in the wrong way
—which we usually discover once our systems are being used in the real
world—you will learn that your system is using its resources in a subopti -
mal manner .
The best way to ﬁgure out issues in your system is to break your architec -
ture down into its components and overall network topology and then test
each component separately . For example, if your users are experiencing a
long latency time for a request, you need to check that each hop in this net -
work is working adequately until you ﬁnd the step that is taking a long time
to ﬁnish. Maybe it is the database query or your microservice algorithm.
You will have to ﬁgure it out by investigating each small step.
Eliminate single points of failure
Another thing to take into account when optimizing systems is this: as
much as possible, you should eliminate what we call “single points of fail -
ure”—which means any individual component, service, or dependency that,
if it fails, would cause the entire system or a critical part of it to stop
working.
That usually means you should have service copies running in parallel. If
one of the copies fails, the others can take over and continue the work.
This is a critical step in software engineering. Make sure you do not have
systems running in standalone mode.
Distributed transactions going wrong
Monolithic architecture has a clear advantage in transactions, compared to
microservices. Since the entire system is connected to just one database,
any new transaction you create with several changes in dif ferent tables can
be wrapped inside a single database transaction. The database infrastructure
guarantees that, if a single operation fails in the transaction, every other op -
eration will be rolled back, and your system data will be left untouched and
consistent.
With microservices, you need to think dif ferently . Since a single-user opera -
tion can span across dif ferent servers, if something goes wrong in one of the
services af fected, other services can be left in the wrong state. That requires
a special way of thinking. In general, each of your services needs to have
very clear states and messaging systems. So, if something goes wrong in
one service, you can recover messages from other services and roll back the
transactions that took place in other systems.
There are countless ways of solving distributed transaction errors; since we
are approaching the end of the book, we don’ t have enough space to discuss
and demonstrate them here. But bear in mind that if one of the services fails
in the chain of the execution of a distributed transaction, it must provide
events so that other servers can roll back their part of the transaction.
Prepare your services for concurrent
requests
Another critical  aspect of service optimization is the good old concurrency
issue. In our HomeIt system, for instance, we have not created any safe -
guards to prevent the same landlord from accepting two or more proposals
from dif ferent people. That will lead to a very basic concurrency issue. I left
that hole open so we could discuss it further . Even if we have created a ser -
vice to mark which properties are already rented, a landlord with bad inten -
tions could try to accept two contracts at the same time.
It is key to put features in place to prevent people from using resources con -
currently in a way that they should not be allowed to.
These topics introduce and summarize the kinds of issues we deal with
when thinking about optimization, performance, and failures. We will spend
the rest of the chapter looking at several strategies to prevent failures and
optimize our strategy .
Using caching to speed up access to
critical data
Caching is an interesting topic that is easy to explain but sometimes hard to
get right in practice. Suppose that on HomeIt, you start to see a lot of users
looking for properties, and then you decide that you do not want the data -
base to be engaged every time the endpoint for retrieving the property by ID
is used. After all, ﬁring a request to the database is a costly I/O operation,
and properties do not change too much over time anyway after the owner
registers its basic data.
In that case, you might decide that, when receiving a call to get properties
by ID, your Rental Pr operties  service should query a caching system be -
fore reaching for the database—that usually means putting an in-memory
database, such as Redis or Memcached, before the database operation.
We are not going to cover how to install or conﬁgure a dif ferent Redis in -
stance here, as this is a topic for an entire book itself. You can use this ofﬁ -
cial how-to page to learn how to install Redis on your machine:
https://redis.io/docs/latest/operate/oss_and_stack/install/install-redis/
Let’s just look at how to conﬁgure Redis inside Spring Boot. You will need
an already-running Redis instance:
1. First, we are going to add these two dependencies to the build.gra -
dle ﬁle:
implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-boo
implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-boo
2. Then, we create a Configuration  class that will tell the Spring
Framework to start the caching service:
@Configuration
@EnableCaching
public class CacheConfig {
}
If you are using an external Redis server , just add these properties to
your project. In our sample code, I just added it but commented, so you
can just use it if you want on your project:
spring.cache.type=redis
spring.data.redis.host=localhost
spring.data.redis.port=6379
Now that we have the dependency , the conﬁguration bean class, and the
properties included in our project, we can just add the caching declaration
to the service classes we want. In this case, I will add a cache to the
RentalPropertiesServiceImpl class, as I want the getter by ID to
return properties from the cache. Here is the code:
@Override
@Cacheable(value = "properties", key = "#id")
public Optional<RentalPropertyDTO> get(UUID id) {
    return Optional.ofNullable(rentalProperties.get(i
}
What does this @Cacheable  annotation do? It creates an in-memory col -
lection of properties. When we ﬁrst hit the rental properties GET endpoint
with the id A, for instance, the caching system won’ t ﬁnd the property in -
side its collection. Therefore, it will query the database and, besides return -
ing the property , it will cache it so the next call will not require a query to a
database, but just an in-memory scan of the cached properties.
Here’ s an interesting language point: when our cache is able to return an ob -
ject we are requesting, we say we have a “cache hit.” When our object is
not yet cached and we need to go to the database, we say we have a “cache
miss.” These are universal terms that you will hear people use.
Now , here is an important thing. When you have a cached object, you need
to make sure it gets renewed if that object gets updated in the database. In
other words, you need to “evict” the object from the cache, whenever that
object is being updated in your system. This is how we do it:
@Override
@CacheEvict(value = "properties", key = "#id")
public Optional<RentalPropertyDTO> update(
        UUID id,
        RentalPropertyDTO updatedProperty) {
    // implementation goes here
}
By adding the @CacheEvict  annotation to your code, it is possible to in -
struct the caching system to always remove the property with the ID you are
currently updating in the database. In that way , the next time someone tries
to get the property using the same ID, you will have a cache miss and the
new version will be cached again.
Simple enough, right? Now , let’s move on to the next topic: dead letter
queues.
Recovering from failures with dead
letter queues
In our HomeIt system, we created a very simple messaging system, such
that our Rental Pr operties  service can update a property that has ongoing
negotiations. That is a very simple service that just updates the service with
a new number , and the message itself is pretty simple. So, no room for mis -
takes, right? Right?!
Well, what happens if, for some reason, someone changes the rental propos -
al code and introduces a dif ferent message structure by accident? Or what if
you have a service that has a complex notiﬁcation object, and it gets
changed in some way , such as by an error coming from a system it depends
on? That would mean the consumers of that malformed message might face
an issue while parsing the data.
To handle malformed messages in your system, you can create one or more
dead letter queues. That means you can create one or more topics that will
serve as alarm queues—once you try to parse the notiﬁcation from other
systems, any error in handling the notiﬁcation can be forwarded to a dead
letter topic.
You can pretty much have a system to consume dead letter messages, or
you can set up some alarm systems to trigger email messages if your dead
letter topic grows to a certain point. Dead letter queues help you to have
visibility of malformed messages on your architecture.
Since you already know how to create topics, I am going to just leave this
idea here without a code sample, so that we can cover more optimization
ideas in this chapter .
Real-time service monitoring with
Spring Actuator
As you may have noticed, we added the Spring Actuator dependency to
some of our services in this book project, but we didn’ t get a chance to real -
ly explain what it was about.
OK, here is the kicker: Spring Actuator is a dependency that provides some
important infrastructure functions to make it easier for you to monitor your
services. These endpoints can be leveraged by other systems to create dash -
boards and monitor the readiness and aliveness of your services.
For example, if you are using Kubernetes to deploy your applications, you
can use the health endpoint to check whether your service instances are still
online. Once the health endpoint stops responding, Kubernetes will remove
that instance and spin up a new one to replace the failing service.
Here is a list of useful endpoints from Spring Actuator:
Health monitoring : Check whether the app is running
(/actuator/health )
Performance metrics : View CPU, memory , and request stats (/actu-
ator/metrics )
Envir onment inspection : See conﬁg properties and system variables
(/actuator/env )
Logging management : Change log levels at runtime
(/actuator/loggers )
Endpoint mapping : List all API routes (/actuator/mappings )
Thread and memory analysis : Get thread and heap dumps ( /actua-
tor/threaddump  and /actuator/heapdump )
Security auditing : Track login events (/actuator/auditevents )
Scheduled task monitoring : View active scheduled tasks
(/actuator/scheduledtasks )
If we spin up our API gateway server , here is where you will ﬁnd these
endpoints:
http://localhost:8080/actuator/health
You will be able to enable the actuator endpoints by adding the dependency
to your services, just as we did with the API gateway . Just go to your
build.gradle  ﬁle and add the following line to your dependencies
section:
implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-
With this, any service you run will have the same set of endpoints. Here’ s
an interesting thing: as I am using the IntelliJ IDE to write these services, I
can use its native integration with the Actuator endpoints. Here is a screen -
shot of what you will get by accessing this feature:
Figure 12.2 – IntelliJ Actuator interface
Other IDEs will provide you with similar other useful features and integra -
tions. In this screenshot, you can see every bean on your running service.
You are also able to just navigate through a lot of other vital information at
runtime.
All right, Actuator makes it a lot easier to understand what is happening
with your service. Let’ s now see how we can integrate logs from dif ferent
services, using the Circuit Breaker pattern.
Handling faulty services with
Resilience4j
If one of your services stops responding to another service, you can imple -
ment policies to determine what the caller will do. You can use Resilience4j
in Spring to deﬁne those policies.
Resilience4j helps you to deﬁne a dif ferent behavior for your application in
the face of or to avoid making your services faulty—you can choose alter -
nate behavior when a call fails, or maximum thresholds for receiving calls
from other services. You can instruct your service to automatically retry a
failed call. There are a lot of interesting things you can do to get systems
back to normal.
The ﬁrst thing we will look at is how to use Resilience4j to switch a service
behavior in the face of a failure in another service. We call this pattern the
Circuit Breaker .
Using the Circuit Breaker pattern
Let’s think about the HomeIt company . You know that the Rental
Properties  service now depends on the Revoke Token  service, to discover
if a token was made invalid by an admin. But what if the Revoke Token
service is down? How is our application supposed to behave in that case?
By now , if the Rental Pr operties  service is unable to call the Revoke
Token  service, it will basically be unable to validate a token.
So, in order to make our architecture a bit more resilient, let’ s suppose we
want to adopt the following policy: if the Revoke Token  service is down,
we will just consider all tokens valid. This policy is important so that we
don’t completely remove the user ’s ability to use the website.
OK, here is how to do it. First, we need to add the following dependency to
our Rental Pr operties  service, in the dependencies section:
implementation 'io.github.resilience4j:resilience4j-s
implementation 'org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-
Once your dependency is added, you can conﬁgure the Circuit Breaker with
the following directives.
First, for HomeIt’ s Rental Pr operties  service, we will add the following
annotation to the
RestTemplateRevokeTokenService.isTokenRevoked()
method:
@CircuitBreaker(name = "revokeTokenCircuitBreaker", f
//@Cacheable(value = "token", key = "#token")
public boolean isTokenRevoked(String token) {
    // the rest of the code does not change
}
As you may notice, we  need to set a name for our Circuit Breaker , and also
the name of the fallback method, in case the Revoke Token  service is un -
available. Here is the implementation of the fallback method. I implement -
ed it right in the RestTemplateRevokeTokenService  class itself:
private boolean revokeTokenServiceOutage(Exception ex
    log.error("Revoke Token service is out! " +
           "All tokens are considered not revoked unt
           "revoke service is back", ex);
    return false;
    // no tokens are considered revoked
    // while revoke service is down
}
Also, you will need to add the following conﬁgs to your applica-
tion.properties :
# circuit breaker configs
resilience4j.circuitbreaker.instances.revokeTokenCirc
resilience4j.circuitbreaker.instances.revokeTokenCirc
resilience4j.circuitbreaker.instances.revokeTokenCirc
resilience4j.circuitbreaker.instances.revokeTokenCirc
resilience4j.circuitbreaker.instances.revokeTokenCirc
resilience4j.circuitbreaker.instances.revokeTokenCirc
resilience4j.circuitbreaker.instances.revokeTokenCirc
Here is a  quick explanation of the conﬁgurations:
FailureRateThreshold : The percentage of failures through which
the system will recognize that there is an ongoing failure. In this case, if
50% of our calls to the Revoke Token  service fail, the circuit opens and
the fallback method will be used to replace the default implementation
that tries to reach the remote server . The fallback methods are those that
will implement the policy you want to have in the absence of a remote
server . In our case, we will consider the token to be valid by default if
the remote Revoke Token  service is down.
slow-call-rate-threshold : The circuit opens if more than 50%
of the calls are considered slow
slow-call-duration-threshold : What should be considered a
“slow call”—in this case, a two-second call to another server will be
considered a slow call
wait-duration-in-open-state : When the circuit opens, this is
the time it takes to operate with the fallback before triggering another re -
quest to test the faulty service again
permittedNumberOfCallsInHalfOpenState : The number of
calls that will be ﬁred when the Circuit Breaker is half open and tries
again to reach for the remote, faulty service
SlidingWindowSize : The number of last X calls the Circuit Breaker
will monitor to measure whether the circuit is open or closed
MinimumNumberOfCalls : The minimum number of calls that need
to happen before the Circuit Breaker starts to really measure efﬁciency
With that, any  time the Revoke Token  service goes ofﬂine, the Circuit
Breaker will open and a default implementation of the
isTokenRevoked()  method will be ﬁred. All tokens will be considered
valid.
OK, this summarizes the main points of the Circuit Breaker pattern. Let’ s
see the next pattern, Rate Limiting.
Using the Rate Limiting pattern
Rate limiting a service means making other services unable to call your ser -
vice more than X times in a given period. That is important to protect your
service from excessive calls, which could lead to it completely breaking
down and going ofﬂine.
To use rate limiting in Resilience4j, use the following annotation as an
example:
@RateLimiter(name = "revokeTokenServiceRateLimiter", 
public boolean isTokenRevoked(String token) {
     // your service implementation goes here
}
In this case, you also need to set the fallback method, which goes pretty
much however you want—you could just return a default answer (making
the token valid, in our HomeIt example), or return a default error to the call -
er (that could be a troubling idea for our example, if you think that an ex -
cessive number of real users would be stopped from successfully accessing
your website).
As you did with the Circuit Breaker usage, you will also need to parameter -
ize how you want the rate limiter to play on your application. See the
HomeIt example here:
# rate limiting
resilience4j.ratelimiter.instances.revokeTokenService
resilience4j.ratelimiter.instances.revokeTokenService
In this case, we  are taking only two parameters: the number of calls we
want our application to support and the time we want to refresh the counter .
In this example, we say that our service should not run more than 100 times
per second.
Note that we always give a name while declaring the annotation. That name
is then written in the conﬁguration ﬁle. Every time we use one of the
Resilience4j annotations, we call it an “instance” of Resilience4Jj
Therefore, we can declare dif ferent policies for every service you want to
protect with Resilience4j. This allows us to get pretty ﬂexible and speciﬁc,
and we can tailor our resilience strategies for each different situation.
Another important Resilience4j strategy is Retry . Let’ s see it in detail.
Using Retry in Resilience4J
Sometimes, services fail due to transient circumstances. Maybe a momen -
tary network issue happened and your call to another service was lost. Or
maybe some overload made your service stop responding for a few seconds.
In busy , high-volume architectures, that might happen occasionally . Now ,
since this did not make your service go entirely ofﬂine, it basically means
the next time you call it, it will be able to respond. What we should do then
is be able to retry the request. That is easy with Resilience4J. Just use the
@Retry  annotation. And, of course, you need to set a name for that specif -
ic instance. See the following:
@Retry(name = "revokeTokenServiceRetry")
public boolean isTokenRevoked(String token) {
     // your service implementation goes here
}
A key dif ference between the @Retry  annotation and others from
Resilience4j is that you don’ t need to declare a fallback method. After all,
you are just asking the system to retry the same method if something goes
wrong.
In order to set the actual policy for this @Retry  instance, we can use the
following declaration on our application.properties :
# retry config
resilience4j.retry.instances.revokeTokenServiceRetry.
resilience4j.retry.instances.revokeTokenServiceRetry.
In this case, we say that Resilience4j should run the same method up to
three times, waiting two seconds between each retry . That might not be a
useful setting for your own application; it is just an example. You should al -
ways think about your use case. For example, if you think your app could
answer in half a second again, or even less, you should just set the time in
ms—500 ms, for example.
OK, let’ s see the Bulkhead pattern now .
Using the Bulkhead pattern
This one  seems a bit similar to the Rate Limiting pattern. But instead of set -
ting how many requests you can take per period of time, you will choose
how many parallel requests you can serve at the same time in your applica -
tion. This is particularly useful to prevent actual memory crashes if you no -
tice that on some occasions, your server gets heavily loaded because of
multiple threads being opened to serve requests in parallel. If you do not
have access to more memory in your service instance, implementing
Bulkhead will prevent your service from completely crashing.
Here is how you use the @Bulkhead  annotation:
@Bulkhead(name = "revokeTokenBulkhead", fallbackMetho
public boolean isTokenRevoked(String token) {
     // your service implementation goes here
}
As you can see, you will set a name to this Bulkhead instance, and you
should also deﬁne a method that will be executed in case you don’ t have
more threads to open.
Here is an example of how to parameterize the Bulkhead on your appli-
cation.properties  ﬁle:
# bulk head
resilience4j.bulkhead.instances.revokeTokenBulkhead.m
resilience4j.bulkhead.instances.revokeTokenBulkhead.m
The max-concurrent-calls  parameter deﬁnes the maximum number
of threads you want the application to use. max-wait-duration  means
the maximum amount of time calls will wait for their turn. In this example,
we are saying we will serve up to 50 calls at a time, and the maximum wait
duration will be 3 seconds. So, if more than 50 calls happen at the same
time, the excessive ones will wait up to three seconds to be processed. If
more than three seconds pass, the Bulkhead will throw an exception for
each request that is waiting in the queue.
OK, this summarizes a handful of useful annotations for Resilience4j. Be
aware if you use more than one at the same time in the same method, you
will want to test it thoroughly to see whether it works.
Now , let’s talk a bit about concurrency .
Preventing race conditions with a
SQL trick
In our HomeIt system, imagine a scenario where two tenants attempt to ac -
cept a rental proposal for the same property at the exact same time. How
can we prevent both agreements from being ﬁnalized simultaneously? And
how do we decide which tenant actually secures the rental?
Why microservice-level solutions won’t
work
You might consider handling this at the microservice level using synchro -
nized blocks, semaphores, or distributed locks. However , if your system
runs multiple instances of the same service, they won’ t always be aware of
each other . This means that two users could still accept the rental proposal
at the same time—leading to a classic race condition.
The problem  worsens if accepting an agreement involves multiple services
(e.g., payments, contract signing, or notiﬁcations). Now , you’re dealing
with a distributed transaction, where concurrent requests could trigger in -
consistent states across services.
Some ar gue that you should create a dedicated locking microservice to con -
trol access. The ﬁrst user to acquire the lock in that service would proceed
with the rental process. But what happens when your system scales? If you
horizontally scale your lock service, you may introduce new synchroniza -
tion issues across multiple instances.
A simple and effective solution – database
locks
Instead of relying on microservices, you can let your database handle con -
currency . With a simple atomic SQL  update, you can ensure that only one
user successfully locks the rental. This approach is safe and scalable and
does not depend on distributed services.
SQL query – acquiring a lock for a rental property
This query updates the rental status only if the home is not already rented:
UPDATE rental_properties
SET rented = TRUE, tenant_id = <tenant_id>
WHERE property_id = <property_id> AND rented = FALSE
RETURNING *;
You can basically see the entire updated row with the RETURNING  direc -
tive. If you have a row , that means the user succeeded in acquiring the prop -
erty rental. With that, you are able to safely move on with further steps
without the risk of other users closing the same deal concurrently .
Some developers might suggest using a stored procedure to enforce this
logic. However , stored procedures are database-dependent, making it harder
to switch between databases in the future. They also add complexity to your
system by introducing logic at the database level, making debugging and
maintaining business rules more difﬁcult. By using a simple atomic SQL
statement, you keep the logic at the application level, making your system
more ﬂexible and easier to scale.
OK, that prevents us from a lot of concurrency trouble in a simple and ef -
fective way . Now , let’s talk about how to recover from some failures.
Recovering from failures by using
an audit job
In our HomeIt system, processing a rental contract involves sending re -
quests to multiple systems—making it a distributed transaction . But what
happens if an error occurs partway through? How do we ensure the system
can recover automatically , without requiring manual intervention or
troubleshooting?
One of the most ef fective solutions I’ve seen is implementing what I call an
audit job . The idea is simple yet powerful.
Whenever a user accepts a rental pr oposal , we record the exact time of ac -
ceptance. This timestamp is stored as part of the proposal data. Additionally ,
we register the rental pr oposal ID  as a foreign key  in all downstream ser -
vices. In other words, a rental proposal is considered fully pr ocessed  only
when all required services have recorded data referencing the original
agreement. To facilitate tracking, this proposal ID should be indexed  in
every relevant table.
With this setup, we can now implement an audit job  that runs at regular in -
tervals—say , once per hour for a full day . The job scans rental agreements
accepted in the past 24 hours  and veriﬁes that every downstream service
has the necessary records. If it detects missing or incomplete data , it auto -
matically retries  the process for that speciﬁc service, ensuring that the oper -
ation is eventually completed as expected.
Over 24 hours , each agreement under goes 24 automated veriﬁcations , sig-
niﬁcantly reducing the likelihood of unnoticed failures. If you want even
stricter consistency , you can extend the audit period to a week or even a
month, depending on system requirements and performance constraints.
By leveraging an audit job, we create a self-healing mechanism  that contin -
uously monitors, detects, and corrects inconsistencies—without requiring
manual debugging or intervention.
Here’ s a quick way to implement an audit job in Spring Boot  using the
@Scheduled  annotation:
@Component
public class RentalAgreementAuditJob {
    @Scheduled(fixedRate = 3600000) // Runs every hou
    public void auditRentalAgreements() {
        // Logic to verify if downstream services hav
        // the expected data
        // If missing data is detected,
        // retry processing the rental agreement
    }
}
You can use the audit job to produce logs that can be scanned by observ -
ability systems so that you can get an immediate grasp of systems that have
inconsistent states.
Dealing with a surge of requests by
using throttling
There may be situations where your application experiences a sudden sur ge
of requests. Imagine that, in HomeIt, we launch a special campaign of fering
discounted rates for landlords who register their  rental properties on a spe -
ciﬁc date. The campaign has become so successful that thousands of land -
lords attempt to register their properties at the exact same time.
How do we prevent our system from becoming overloaded and going
ofﬂine?
A powerful solution is to  use the Throttling pattern, which essentially de -
couples the time a user sends a request from when the system processes and
completes it. Instead of handling all incoming requests immediately , you
process them asynchronously , allowing your system to absorb the trafﬁc in
a controlled manner .
A simple way to implement this is by placing a Kafka topic (or another
message queue system) between the user  and the service that handles regis -
trations. The process works as follows:
1. When a landlord submits their registration request, the system immedi -
ately acknowledges it and places the request in a Kafka topic. The user
receives a quick Request r eceived  response, preventing slowdowns or
failures due to system overload.
2. A separate background worker consumes requests from the topic at a
controlled rate, ensuring the registration service processes them without
overwhelming the system.
3. As each request is processed, the user receives updates, such as an email
or a notiﬁcation on the website, informing them that their property has
been successfully registered.
By using this pattern, the peak load is spread over time, preventing sudden
spikes from overwhelming your servers while maintaining a smooth experi -
ence for users.
Additionally , you can enhance the user experience by providing status up -
dates. Instead of making users wonder whether their registration was suc -
cessful, your system can do the following:
Show a progress indicator on the website
Send an email or push notiﬁcation once processing is complete
Allow users to check their request status via a dashboard
This ensures that even though their request wasn’ t processed instantly , they
always know what’ s happening, improving trust in your system. This brings
us to the end of the chapter . I hope this has been an interesting way of think -
ing about common issues with your application.
Summary
In this chapter , we provided some critical tips for making your services hit
performance, resiliency , and fault tolerance tar gets, as well as just some
good spice on dealing with concurrency .
We started our journey with some principles for you to manage expectations
and performance in your services. We then talked about how to use caching
to speed up access to data and how to recover from failures in very dif ferent
ways: by working with dead letter queues, using Spring Actuator to monitor
your services, using the amazing Resilience4j to implement retries, Circuit
Breaker , and some other great tools for dealing with errors in your services.
We talked about how to handle concurrency by using very simple SQL
tricks instead of having distributed services all over the place. We also
talked about how to implement audit jobs to verify your system is behaving
in a consistent manner when you use distributed transactions, as well as
how to prevent your services from just blowing of f your memory with the
use of an interesting throttling strategy .
I hope this has been helpful. There are countless other ways to make your
architecture better , but these tips are very important and ones I wish I had
known about when I was starting out.
This concludes the book. I hope to see you on our next journey . Cheers!
Epilogue
This book has been a true marathon. It was written over a period of a year .
During this time, I faced a lot of hard changes in my own life. As a software
engineering manager , I had releases to work on with my team. We also car -
ried out a huge re-architecture at my current company . Also, I bought a new
house and sold my previous one. My wife went through a major sur gery
that took her weeks to recover . I spent a month visiting my family in Rio de
Janeiro and had some family members come to live with us.
Can you imagine writing an entire 500-page book under those circum -
stances? It was quite a marathon! But here we are, and this chapter was all
about adversities in systems and several strategies to deal with them.
Talking about difﬁculties!
I truly hope you have enjoyed reading this book as much as I have enjoyed
writing it. It was also a self-discovery process. With this last chapter , I hope
you are now able to realize your vision as a great Spring Framework archi -
tect. May your systems recover easily from failures!
Index
As this ebook edition doesn't have ﬁxed pagination, the page numbers be -
low ar e hyperlinked for r eference only , based on the printed edition of this
book.
Symbols
@Qualiﬁer
using 243-245
@Transactional annotation
using, in method 247
A
aggregated logging 89
AI requirements 92, 93
Amazon Web Services (A WS) 111
analytics
data storage 88
requirements 92, 93
API design
features, enhancing 188
API gateway service properties ﬁle
used, for conﬁguring endpoints 385-387
API integration tests
actual tests, making with RestAssured 322-325
actual tests, writing 320-322
dependencies, declaring 319, 320
project structure, creating 319
writing, with RestAssured 318
API services
designing 120
HTTP  request headers, using 127, 128
parameters, adding to endpoints 123
payloads, using 124-126
RESTful resource address, dissecting 122
RESTful standards, need for 121, 122
UUIDs, used to uniquely identify objects 126
application context 133
application programming interface (API) 120, 121
application.properties ﬁle
writing 365
Atomic, Consistent, Isolated, Durable (ACID) 212
audit job 408
used, for recovering from failures 408
authentication provider (auth provider) 262
reference link 383
automated tests
application tests, enhancing 184
basic test pattern 174
Beans, testing in isolation 180-182
case list 183, 184
integrated tests, creating with Spring Test 174-180
negative test cases 183
positive test cases 183
running, in console 184-186
testing options 182, 183
writing 173
B
base URL  188
bidirectional topics
versus unidirectional topics 340
Binary Files 87
business event
versus entity-driven event 337
business requirement criteria, for prioritizing 59
cost of acquisition 63
dependencies mapping 64
estimated cost of delivery 62
estimated return on investment 62, 63
impact of delivery 64
invisible problems 64, 65
market purchase power 61
market size 60, 61
problem frequency 61
problem intensity 61
uniqueness 65
UX impact 65
vision alignment 59, 60
willingness to pay for solution 61, 62
business requirements
crafting 11
customer key problems, identifying 12
high-level requirements for solution 13, 14
matrix of problem-solution statements, creating 12, 13
timelines, visualizing for problem-solving 9, 10
business requirements document
blocks, avoiding 50
clear inputs and outputs 49
complete signed-of f ﬂow 50
concept/feature 48
exceptional use cases 49
structuring 47
business services
implementation class, writing 169-171
Spring classes, or ganizing 172, 173
business services implementation 168
service interfaces, declaring 168, 169
C
caching 89, 397
for speeding up access, to critical data 397-399
Cassandra 212
command line
properties ﬁle, deﬁning at 367
used, for overriding property value 366
conﬁg directory
properties ﬁle, adding to 366
Conﬁg Server
reference link 383
Conﬁg service
launching 375
Content Delivery Network (CDN) 88
Controller class
creating 117, 118
implementing 117
Couchbase 213
Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD) 73, 246
critical events, HomeIt system
for landlords 25, 26
for realtors 26, 27
for tenants 24, 25
cross-domain knowledge 337
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) 263
Cross-Site Request For gery (CSRF) 263
D
database queries
customizing, with JpaRepository 235, 236
data engineering requirements 92, 93
data persistence
in applications 208-210
data processing
requirements 90, 91
Data Transfer Object (DT O) 140, 161, 231, 302
versus descriptors 192-196
dead letter queues
used, for recovering from failures 399
dead letter topics 340
DEBUG 360
dependency injection 134
descriptors
versus DT Os 192-196
destination topics
versus source topics 338
disaster recovery
capabilities 93, 94
Discovery service
launching 372-375
distributed transaction 408
domain 57, 68
boundaries 70, 71
composition 70, 71
deﬁning, for product 70
limits 70, 71
services, deﬁning 72
setting up, for product 70
well-designed entities 68
well-designed services 68
domain design
moving, to programming 100
domain diagram
crafting 75, 76
domain modeling process
concepts, detecting 68, 69
redundancy , eliminating across use cases 68, 69
domain services
documenting 73
modeling 73
domain spilling 336
E
Elasticsearch 213
end-to-end tests 355, 356
entity 220
entity-driven event
versus business event 337
EntityManager
working 246
environment variables
overriding, with properties ﬁles 367, 368
properties ﬁles, reading from 369
used, for setting properties ﬁles 367
ERROR 361
Eureka
reference link 383
Eureka properties
setting 377
event-driven architectures 333, 334
notiﬁcation messages 335
queue, versus topic 334
event-driven services
Kafka, using 341
Events Hub 88
F
Fast and Highly Available Data 88
FATAL 361
fat message 336
versus thin message 335
faulty services, handling with Resilience4j
Bulkhead pattern, using 405, 406
Circuit Breaker pattern, using 402-404
Rate Limiting pattern, using 404
Retry , using 405
features
determining, to deliver 58
feature timeline, HomeIt system
property rental feature, or ganizing 31, 32
property search feature, or ganizing 30
realtor partnership, or ganizing 30, 31
rental property registration, or ganizing 29
sign-up, or ganizing 28, 29
Feign client 302
G
Geospatial Databases 88
Git repository
properties ﬁles, setting up on 379, 380
Google’ s Remote Procedure Calls (gRPC) 94
Gradle
installing 111, 112
graph databases 89
GraphQL  95
H
heavy coupling 328, 329
Hibernate 229
HomeIt features
comparing 66, 67
messaging 67
prioritizing 66, 67
property search 66
realtor partnership 66
HomeIt security
implementing 272, 273
project, creating 273, 274
security conﬁguration class, creating 274-276
Spring Security , adding to Rental Properties service 291
HomeIt system
actors 22, 23
authentication ﬂow 303
building 33
critical events, deﬁning 23, 24
features 27
feature timeline, extracting 28
key artifacts, creating 37, 50, 51
levels 33, 34
life cycles 35-37
long-term business requirements result scaling 51-53
loops 35-37
requirements 32, 33
security , adding to authentication 302, 303
stages 33
structure, identifying 22
types 34
horizontal layers, Spring microservice 162
implementations 163
interfaces 162
objects 162
remote access 163
HTTP  Cats website
URL  156
HTTP  protocol 105-107
main response codes 108
main verbs 107
HTTP  request headers 127
HTTP  response headers 128
Hypermedia as the Engine of Application State (HA TEOAS) 191
adding, as dependency 197
hypermedia controls 191
I
INFO 360
input-output per second (IOPS) 84
input topics
versus output topics 339
integrated tests 303
creating, with Spring Test 174-179
integration tests
used, hitting API gateway 389-391
International Or ganization for Standardization (ISO) 104
Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) 127, 263
Internet of Things (IoT) 212
inversion of control (IoC) 135
I/O and data maintenance requirements 84-86
sizing requirements, exploring 87
storage types 87-89
J
Java Beans 131
Java SDK
installing 110, 111
Java Virtual Machine (JVM) 4, 130
JpaRepository 229
@Qualiﬁer , using to inject multiple bean implementations 243-245
class hierarchy 234, 235
EntityManager , working 246
JPQL, using to create custom queries 236, 237
limitations 237
Lombok, using for DT O translation to entity class 231-233
multiple service implementations, using 241, 243
paged results, retrieving 239-241
used, for customizing database queries 235, 236
using, as ORM-enabled repository 229-231
volume of data and requests, dealing with 238, 239
JPQL
using, to create custom queries 236, 237
JWT  header 268
JWT  payload 268, 269
JWT  security token 262
JWT  signature 269, 270
JWT  tokens
JWT  header 268
JWT  payload 268, 269
JWT  signature 269, 270
working 267
K
Kafka
concepts 341, 342
installing, on Linux machine 342, 343
reference link 342
using, in event-driven services 341
key artifacts, HomeIt system
use case description 44
user journeys 38
user stories 41
key performance indicators (KPIs) 92
L
Linux machine
used, for installing Kafka 342, 343
load balancing 382
log levels 360, 361
DEBUG 360
ERROR 361
FATAL 361
INFO 360
setting, for transparency 378
TRACE 360
WARN 360
log output 363, 364
logs
writing, in Spring 361-363
Lombok
using, for translation of DT O to entity class 231-233
M
messaging service 328
microservice architectures 100
program examples 103
microservice communication 104
microservice, versus monolith application data design
databases or ganizing 215, 216
data complexity 215
granularity level 215
mobile data storage 88
Model-V iew-Controller (MVC) design 137
MongoDB binary
reference link 344
MongoDB NoSQL  database
using 343-345
Mongodb Shell
reference link 345
monolith application data design
versus microservice 214
monoliths 100
multi-tenant topics
versus single topics 339
N
NamedParameterJdbcT emplate
applications, testing with data integration 255-257
implementation, referencing 252-255
using, to run raw SQL  queries 250-252
Neo4j 213
non-functional requirements 82
non-reactive data handling 211
non-reactive SQL  database persistence
aggregated objects, writing as JSON 225-227
entities, deﬁning 220-223
entity lifecycle annotations 227, 228
implementing 216
ORM versus raw SQL  228, 229
relationships between entities, declaring 223, 224
support, adding to dev database 216-219
non-shared topics
versus shared topics 338, 339
Non-Structured Query Language (NoSQL) databases 87, 212, 213
Cassandra 212
characteristics 213
Couchbase 213
Elasticsearch 213
Neo4j 213
Redis 212
versus SQL  databases 211
notiﬁcation messages 335
business event, versus entity-driven event 337
cross-domain knowledge 337
dead letter topics 340
destination topics, versus source topics 338
domain spilling 336
input topics, versus output topics 339
message format 335
shared topics, versus non-shared topics and multi-tenant topics 338, 339
thin message, versus fat message 335
unidirectional topics, versus bidirectional topics 340
O
OAuth 2.0 263
industry-grade authorization providers 267
need for 263
service types 266
use case 264, 265, 266
OAuth speciﬁcation
authorization servers 266
client application 266
resource owner 266
resource providers 267
object life cycle 29
object-relational mapping (ORM) 228
Open Authorization (OAuth) 263
Open System Interconnection (OSI) model 104
optimizations, for scaling website queries
abstraction levels, removing 238
asynchronous processing 239
caching 238
constraints, removing 239
database sharding 238
denormalization 239
indexing 238
load balancing 238
materialized views 239
partially , moving to NoSQL  database 239
query optimizations 238
output topics
versus input topics 339
P
Partnership Proposal service modeling 72, 74
actions, to new domains 74
basic actions 74
special actions 74
path parameters 123, 140
payload 124
payment service 328
performance expectations
setting, for project 394-397
Personally Identiﬁable Information (PII) 85, 278
PlantUML  78
sequence diagrams, building 79
URL  78
priorities
sorting 66
product domains 68
deﬁning 70
setting up 70
product requirements
pitfalls 14,-19
properties ﬁles
adding, in same directory from application 366
adding, to /conﬁg directory 366
application.properties ﬁle, writing 365
creating, per deployment environment 368, 369
deﬁning, at command line 367
hardcoding 367
injecting, in services 370
order of precedence 368
organizing 364
overriding, when starting packaged application 366
overriding, with environment variables 367, 368
reading, from environment variables 369
setting up, on Git repository 379, 380
setting, with environment variables 367
value, overriding with command line 366
writing 364
YAML  properties ﬁle 365, 366
Protocol Buf fers (Protobuf) 85
protocols
selecting 94, 95
Q
query parameters 124
queue 334
versus topic 334
R
reactive data handling 210, 211
Redis 212
rental properties service 328
annotations, adding to protected endpoints 294, 295
conﬁguration ﬁles, setting 292
connecting, with API requests 314, 315
ownership security restrictions, adding 295, 297
reference link 383
refresh tokens, implementing 298, 299
refresh tokens, using 298, 299
security conﬁguration class, setting 292, 293
Spring Security , adding to 291
Spring Security dependencies, adding 291
rental properties service consumers
building 353-355
rental property REST  API, with Spring Web
creating 147, 148
deleting 154
deletion, verifying 154, 155
dependencies, declaring 137, 138
missing data, sending 151, 152
partially updating 152, 153
Rental Properties API, using 145-147
RentalPropertyController class, writing 139-145
retrieving 149
searching 155
writing 136
Rental Property Service 303
Rental Proposal sequence diagram 76-78
rental proposal service
creating 345-347
design 164, 165
reference link 383
rental proposal service publishers
building 347
object collections, streaming with WebFlux 352, 353
with Kafka 347-352
with MongoDB 347-352
with WebFlux 347-352
Representational State Transfer (REST) 94
Resilience4j 401
faulty services, handling with 401
REST  APIs
creating, with Richardson Maturity Model 189
error handling 165-167
RestAssured 303
RESTful APIs 94
creating, in Spring 136
heavy coupling 328, 329
maintainability issue 328
service coupling 329, 330
RESTful endpoint 123
RESTful resource 122
RESTful standard 121
REST  standard 328
RestT emplate 302
Revoke Token Service 302
folder structure 305, 306
persistence layer , writing 307, 308
properties ﬁle, writing 306
Service class, writing 309
Richardson, Leonard 189
Richardson Maturity Model
directories, creating at level 1 190
DTOs, versus descriptors 192-197
HATEOAS, adding as dependency 197
HTTP  verbs, using in level 2 190, 191
hypermedia controls 191
level 3 REST  APIs 205
remote procedures, exploring at level 0 189
RentalPropertyControllerV2 class, writing 198-200
rental property hypermedia descriptors, writing 200, 201
RentalPropertyHyperMediaUtils Spring Bean, writing 201-204
used, for creating REST  APIs 189
roadmap approach 33
S
scope reduction 33
SDKMAN 109
URL  109
secure algorithms
types 269
security areas 262, 263
security conﬁguration class
authorization provider domain, implementing 277
client service 280, 281
conﬁguration ﬁle 289, 290
creating 274-277
JWT  service 283-286
scope service 282
service, using 290, 291
UserController class 287-289
UserEntity classes 278
UserRepository classes 278
user service 279, 280
Security Filter Chain 316
security ﬁlters
adding, to authentication ﬂow 316-318
service 161
service communication 302
service coupling 329, 330
de-coupling calls 332
domain boundaries, creating 330
highest-order business service 331
response independency , developing 331
services orchestrator , identifying 332
stable interfaces, writing 330
service.getProposals() method 352
service logs
log levels 360, 361
producing 360
service properties 364
services 72
shared topics
versus non-shared topics 338, 339
Singleton pattern 130
single topics
versus multi-tenant topics 339
sizing requirements
exploring 87
spaghetti code 73
Spring
logs, writing considerations 361-363
Spring Actuator 399
endpoints 400
real-time service monitoring with 399, 400
Spring API gateway
hitting, with integration tests 389-391
transparent logs, setting 388, 389
Spring app
building, with Gradle 115, 116
creating, in Spring Initializr with right dependencies 384, 385
opening 114, 115
running 118, 119
running internally 128, 129
SDKMAN, for managing tool versions 109, 110
Spring Controller class, implementing 117, 118
Spring Initializr , using 112, 114
writing 108
Spring Beans
accessing 133-135
testing, in isolation 180
storage location 133
Spring Boot 132
audit job, implementing 408
Spring Cloud
application class, conﬁguring 381
dependencies, adding 380
property ﬁle, selecting for microservice 381
service properties, setting 381
services, calling with self-discovery 382, 383
services, integrating with 380
topology 371, 372
used, for setting up services 370, 371
Spring Cloud Conﬁg service
building 375, 376
Spring Cloud Gateway
conﬁguring, steps 384-389
launching 383, 384
Spring Conﬁg Server properties
application class, writing 378, 379
basic application properties, setting 377
Eureka properties, setting 377
GitHub access, setting 377
log levels, setting for transparency 378
setting 377
Spring container
inversion of control 135, 136
Spring Expression Language (SpEL) 294
Spring Framework
business requirements 7-9
component lifecycle 130, 131
component scan 133
ﬁnances 4, 5
Spring Initializr
URL  304
Spring IoC container 135
Spring microservice
blueprint 160, 161
horizontal layers 162
vertical layers 161
Spring Security
adding, to Rental Properties service 291
Spring Security token validation 303
Spring Test
integrated tests, creating with 174-179
Spring Web
tuning, for peak performance 186, 187
Spring Web annotations 156
validation-speciﬁc annotations 157, 158
Spring Web cheat sheet 156-158
Spring Web Flux microservice
customized Basic authorization ﬁlter , writing 312, 313
database schema ﬁle, writing 307
reactive endpoint Handler class, writing 310, 311
reactive, versus blocking services 308
Revoke Token service class, writing 309
Revoke Token Service folder structure 305, 306
Revoke Token Service persistence layer , writing 307, 308
Revoke Token Service properties ﬁle, writing 306, 307
RouterConﬁg and resource addresses, writing 311, 312
writing 304, 305
Spring Web project 136
SQL databases 87, 211, 212
versus NoSQL  databases 211
SQL trick 406
race conditions, preventing with 406, 407
stateless services 122
storage types 87-89
Structured Query Language (SQL) 211
T
technical debt 16
Temurin 110
test case 174
testing requirements 92
test scenario 174
test suite 175
Text Search 88
thin message 335
versus fat message 335
Throttling pattern 409
used, for dealing with sur ge of requests 409
throughput (TP) 90
time series data 89
time-to-live (TTL) 85, 340
token validation architecture 270, 271
topic 334
versus queue 334
TRACE 360
transaction 247
managing, with EntityManager bean 248, 249
Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) 85
U
unidirectional topics
versus bidirectional topics 340
Unique Resource Identiﬁer (URI) 118, 188
Universally Unique Identiﬁer (UUID) 127
use case description 44
sample 46, 47
triggers 45
versus user stories 44
User Datagram Protocol (UDP) 85
user journeys 38
creating, for one user 38-40
with multiple users 40, 41
user requirements
handling 83
user stories 41
acceptance criteria 43
question and answer 42
template 41
title, crafting 42
V
vertical layers, Spring microservice 161
business 161
persistence 161
remote interface 161
virtual threads 186
W
WARN 360
WebClient 302
WebFlux 302
Web Real-T ime Communication (W ebRTC) 94, 95
Y
YAML  properties ﬁle 365, 366
You Aren’ t Gonna Need It (Y AGNI) 52
packtpub.com
Subscribe to our online digital library for full access to over 7,000 books
and videos, as well as industry leading tools to help you plan your personal
development and advance your career . For more information, please visit
our website.
Why subscribe?
Spend less time learning and more time coding with practical eBooks
and Videos from over 4,000 industry professionals
Improve your learning with Skill Plans built especially for you
Get a free eBook or video every month
Fully searchable for easy access to vital information
Copy and paste, print, and bookmark content
At www .packtpub.com , you can also read a collection of free technical arti -
cles, sign up for a range of free newsletters, and receive exclusive discounts
and of fers on Packt books and eBooks.
Other Books You May Enjoy
If you enjoyed this book, you may be interested in these other books by
Packt:

React Key Concepts, Second Edition
Maximilian Schwarzmüller
ISBN: 978-1-83620-227-1
Build modern, user -friendly , and reactive web apps
Create components and utilize props to pass data between them
Handle events, perform state updates, and manage conditional content
Add styles dynamically and conditionally for modern user interfaces
Use advanced state management techniques such as React’ s Context API
Utilize React Router to render dif ferent pages for dif ferent URLs
Understand key best practices and optimization opportunities
Learn about React Server Components and Server Actions

Micr oservices with Spring Boot 3 and Spring Cloud, Third Edition
Magnus Larsson
ISBN: 978-1-80512-869-4
Build reactive microservices using Spring Boot
Develop resilient and scalable microservices using Spring Cloud
Use OAuth 2.1/OIDC and Spring Security to protect public APIs
Implement Docker to bridge the gap between development, testing, and
production
Deploy and manage microservices with Kubernetes
Apply Istio for improved security , observability , and trafﬁc management
Write and run automated microservice tests with JUnit, test containers,
Gradle, and bash
Use Spring AOT  and GraalVM to native compile the microservices
Use Micrometer Tracing for distributed tracing
Packt is searching for authors like
you
If you’re interested in becoming an author for Packt, please visit authors. -
packtpub.com  and apply today . We have worked with thousands of develop -
ers and tech professionals, just like you, to help them share their insight
with the global tech community . You can make a general application, apply
for a speciﬁc hot topic that we are recruiting an author for , or submit your
own idea.
Share your thoughts
Now you’ve ﬁnished Spring System Design in Practice , we’d love to hear
your thoughts! If you purchased the book from Amazon, please click here to
go straight to the Amazon review page  for this book and share your feed -
back or leave a review on the site that you purchased it from.
Your review is important to us and the tech community and will help us
make sure we’re delivering excellent quality content.
Download a free PDF copy of this
book
Thanks for purchasing this book!
Do you like to read on the go but are unable to carry your print books
everywhere?
Is your eBook purchase not compatible with the device of your choice?
Don’ t worry , now with every Packt book you get a DRM-free PDF version
of that book at no cost.
Read anywhere, any place, on any device. Search, copy , and paste code
from your favorite technical books directly into your application.
The perks don’ t stop there, you can get exclusive access to discounts,
newsletters, and great free content in your inbox daily .
Follow these simple steps to get the beneﬁts:
1. Scan the QR code or visit the link below:
https://packt.link/free-ebook/9781803249018
2. Submit your proof of purchase.
3. That’ s it! We’ll send your free PDF and other beneﬁts to your email
directly .
Contents
1. Spring System Design in Practice
2. Contributors
3. About the author
4. About the reviewer
5. Preface
1. Who this book is for
2. What this book covers
3. To get the most out of this book
4. Download the example code ﬁles
5. Conventions used
6. Get in touch
7. Share your thoughts
8. Download a free PDF copy of this book
6. Part 1: Foundations for System Design
7. Chapter 1: What are the Product Requirements?
1. Unlocking your ﬁnances with the Spring Framework
2. How is this book structured to help you succeed?
3. Why do we need to understand business requirements?
1. Perfecting business requirements
2. What are business requirements?
4. Crystal-clear needs – ensuring businesses get requirements right
1. Visualizing timelines for problem-solving
2. Crafting business requirements
5. The pitfalls of product requirements
1. Are mock designs business requirements?
2. Requirements should not express technology choices
3. Does a customer know the problems they are experiencing?
4. Are solutions the ﬁnal step?
5. Breaking the curse of technical debt
6. Dense documentation
7. Vague documentation
8. Looking beyond the happy path
9. Disregarding other business areas and processes
10. Assuming too much about other areas
6. Summary
8. Chapter 2: Sorting Complex Requirements into Features, Use Cases, and
Stories
1. Naming the distinct features of your product
2. Identifying actors, events, life cycles, stages, types, levels, and loops
1. Who will perform actions in your system?
2. Deﬁning critical events for each actor
3. Listing the main features of the system
4. Extracting a feature’ s events timeline
5. Simplifying requirements
6. Understanding stages, levels, types, life cycles, and loops
3. Creating user journeys, stories, and use cases
1. User journeys
2. User stories
3. Use cases descriptions
4. Structuring the ﬁnal business requirements document
5. Which of these artifacts should come ﬁrst?
6. Scaling results with long-term business requirements
7. Exercises
8. Summary
9. Chapter 3: Deﬁning Domains for Your Application
1. Technical requirements
2. Determining which features to deliver ﬁrst
1. Criteria for prioritizing a business requirement
2. Sorting priorities
3. Deﬁning domains and boundaries for your application
1. What are product domains and why are they important?
2. Detecting common concepts and eliminating redundancy across
use cases
3. Setting up and deﬁning domains for your product
4. Setting up domain composition, boundaries, and limits
4. Deﬁning the right services for your domains
1. What are services and why should we think about them?
2. How to model and document domain services correctly
5. Crafting your domain diagram
6. Sequencing the activity across services
1. The Rental Proposal sequence diagram
2. Introduction to PlantUML  as a tool for building sequence diagrams
7. Summary
10. Chapter 4: Deﬁning Services for Your Domains
1. Understanding non-functional requirements
2. Handling user requirements
3. I/O and data maintenance requirements
1. Exploring sizing requirements
2. Storage types
4. Requirements for data processing
5. Testing requirements
6. AI, data engineering, and analytics requirements
7. Disaster recovery capabilities
8. Choosing protocols
9. Summary
11. Part 2: Designing Great Spring Services
12. Chapter 5: Writing Your Services – Introducing REST  APIs with the
Spring Framework
1. Technical requirements
2. Moving from domain design to programming
3. Microservice communication
4. Introducing the HTTP  protocol
1. What are the main HTTP  verbs?
2. What are the main HTTP  response codes?
5. Writing your ﬁrst Spring app
1. Using SDKMAN to manage your tool versions
2. Using Spring Initializr
3. Opening your Spring project
4. Building your application using Gradle
5. Implementing your ﬁrst Spring Controller class
6. Running your Spring Application
6. Designing your API services
1. What are APIs?
2. Why do we need RESTful standards?
3. Dissecting a RESTful resource address
4. Adding parameters to your API endpoints
5. Using payloads in RESTful services
6. Using UUIDs to uniquely identify objects
7. Using HTTP  request headers
7. How Spring apps run internally
1. Introducing the Spring Framework component lifecycle
2. What are Spring beans and why are they important?
3. Introducing the Spring Boot project
4. Understanding the Spring Framework component scan
5. Where are Spring beans stored at runtime?
6. How to easily access a Spring bean
7. Spring container and inversion of control
8. Creating RESTful APIs in Spring
1. Writing a rental property REST  API with Spring Web
2. Spring Web cheat sheet
9. Summary
13. Chapter 6: Translating Business Requirements into Well-Designed
Spring APIs
1. Technical requirements
2. Mastering the blueprint for any Spring microservice
1. Exploring the vertical layers
2. Understanding the horizontal layers
3. Rental proposal service design
4. Error handling in REST  APIs
5. Implementing business services in Spring
1. Declaring service interfaces in Spring
2. Writing the implementation class for your service
3. Organizing your Spring classes
6. Writing automated tests for your Spring apps
1. Understanding the basic test pattern
2. Creating integrated tests with Spring Test
3. Testing Beans in isolation
4. Other testing options
5. Coming up with a test case list
6. Perfecting the application tests over time
7. Running your tests in the console
7. Tuning Spring Web for peak performance
8. Making your API design a lot better for clients
1. Richardson Maturity Model for creating/documenting REST  APIs
9. Summary
14. Chapter 7: Handling Data and Evolving Your Microservice
1. Technical requirements
2. Data persistence in applications with Spring
3. Reactive versus non-reactive data handling
1. Non-reactive data handling
2. Reactive data handling
4. SQL versus NoSQL  data storage
1. SQL databases
2. NoSQL  databases
5. Microservices versus monolith application data design
1. Data complexity and granularity level
2. Organizing databases
6. Implementing non-reactive SQL  database persistence
1. Adding support to a dev database
2. Deﬁning entities to be persisted
3. ORM versus raw SQL  in Spring Data
7. JpaRepository – your go-to SQL  interface in Spring Data
1. Using JpaRepository as an ORM-enabled repository
2. Using Lombok to translate DT O to entity classes and vice versa
3. JpaRepository class hierarchy made simple
4. Customizing database queries using JpaRepository
5. Using JPQL  to create custom queries
6. Understanding other limitations of JpaRepository
7. Dealing with a very high volume of data and requests
8. Retrieving paged results in Spring JpaRepository
9. Using multiple service implementations on your application
10. Using @Qualiﬁer to inject multiple bean implementations for the
same service
11. How does EntityManager work?
8. Working with transactions in Spring Data
1. Using the @T ransactional annotation in a method
2. Managing transactions by using the EntityManager bean
9. Using NamedParameterJdbcT emplate to run raw SQL  queries
1. Referencing all the implementations we have done so far
2. Testing your applications with data integration
10. Summary
15. Part 3: Security , Performance, and Scalability
16. Chapter 8: Securing Services with Spring Security and OAuth 2.0
1. Understanding the security areas in your application
2. What is OAuth 2.0 and why use it?
1. Use case 1 – system A accesses system B-owned resources
2. Use case 2 – system A accesses its own resources
3. Basic service types in OAuth 2.0
4. Industry-grade authorization providers
3. Understanding how JWT s work
1. The JWT  header
2. The JWT  payload
3. The JWT  signature
4. Different architectures for validating tokens
5. Implementing HomeIt security
1. Creating your project
2. Creating your security conﬁguration class
3. Adding Spring Security to the Rental Properties service
4. Implementing and using refresh tokens
6. Summary
17. Chapter 9: High-Performance Secure Communication Between Spring
Services
1. Technical requirements
2. Service communication made easy
3. Adding more security to HomeIt authentication
1. What is RestAssured?
4. Writing a high-performance service with WebFlux
1. Looking at the Revoke Token Service folder structure
2. Writing the Revoke Token Service properties ﬁle
3. Writing the database schema ﬁle
4. Writing the Revoke Token Service persistence layer
5. Reactive versus blocking services
6. Writing the Revoke Token service class
7. Writing a reactive endpoint Handler class
8. Writing the RouterConﬁg and resource addresses
9. Writing a customized Basic authorization ﬁlter
5. Connecting services with API requests
1. Adding security ﬁlters to your authentication ﬂow
6. Writing API integration tests with RestAssured
1. Creating the project structure
2. Declaring dependencies
3. Writing the actual tests
4. Making the actual requests using RestAssured
7. Summary
18. Chapter 10: Building Asynchronous, Event-Driven Systems With
NoSQL  Databases
1. Technical requirements
2. A maintainability issue with RESTful APIs
1. What is heavy coupling?
2. How service coupling makes code harder to maintain
3. Introducing event-driven architectures
1. What is the dif ference between a queue and a topic?
2. How should your notiﬁcation messages look?
4. Using Kafka in event-driven services
1. Kafka main concepts
2. Installing Kafka on a Linux machine
5. Using MongoDB for NoSQL  persistency
6. Our event-driven sample in HomeIt
7. Building our rental proposal service publishers
1. Combining WebFlux, MongoDB, and Kafka in Spring Services
2. Streaming object collections with WebFlux
8. Building our rental properties service consumers
9. Extending our end-to-end tests
10. Summary
19. Part 4: Orchestrating Resilient Services
20. Chapter 1 1: Launching Your Self-Or ganizing Microservice Cloud
1. Technical requirements
2. How to produce your service logs
1. What are the existing log levels?
2. How to write logs in Spring
3. Understanding your log output
3. How to or ganize your property ﬁles
1. Writing your properties ﬁles
2. Overriding a property ﬁle when starting the packaged application
3. Setting property values using environment variables
4. Creating property ﬁles per deployment environment
5. Injecting properties in your services
4. Setting up your services using Spring Cloud
1. Understanding the Spring Cloud topology
2. Launching the Discovery service
3. Launching the Conﬁg service
4. Setting up your property ﬁles on a Git repository
5. Integrating your services with Spring Cloud
6. Launching the API Gateway service
7. Hitting the API gateway with our integration tests
5. Summary
21. Chapter 12: Optimizing Your Services
1. Technical requirements
2. Setting the right performance expectations for your project
1. Failures are unavoidable
2. Launch early , optimize later
3. Key bottlenecks that can slow things down
4. Eliminate single points of failure
5. Distributed transactions going wrong
6. Prepare your services for concurrent requests
3. Using caching to speed up access to critical data
4. Recovering from failures with dead letter queues
5. Real-time service monitoring with Spring Actuator
6. Handling faulty services with Resilience4j
1. Using the Circuit Breaker pattern
2. Using the Rate Limiting pattern
3. Using Retry in Resilience4J
4. Using the Bulkhead pattern
7. Preventing race conditions with a SQL  trick
1. Why microservice-level solutions won’ t work
2. A simple and ef fective solution – database locks
8. Recovering from failures by using an audit job
9. Dealing with a sur ge of requests by using throttling
10. Summary
11. Epilogue
22. Index
1. Why subscribe?
23. Other Books You May Enjoy
1. Packt is searching for authors like you
2. Share your thoughts
3. Download a free PDF copy of this book
Landmarks
1. Cover
2. Table of Contents
3. Index