
Table of Contents
Cover
Table of Contents
Title Page
Copyright
Dedication
Foreword
Hit the Ground Running—Valuation Basics
Chapter One: Value—More than a Number!
Two Approaches to Valuation
Why Should You Care?
Some Truths about Valuation
Start Your Engines!
Chapter Two: Power Tools of the Trade
Time Is Money
Grappling with Risk
Accounting 101
Making Sense of Data
The Toolbox Is Full
Note
Chapter Three: Yes, Virginia, Every Asset Has an Intrinsic
Value
Value the Business or Just the Equity?
Inputs to Intrinsic Valuation
What Do These Models Tell Us?
It's All in the Intrinsic Value!
Chapter Four: It's All Relative!
Standardized Values and Multiples
Four Keys to Using Multiples
Asset-based Valuation/Pricing
Intrinsic vs. Relative Value (Pricing)
Einstein Was Right
Chapter Five: Stories and Numbers
Valuation as a Bridge
From Story to Numbers: The Process
Story Resets, Changes, and Breaks
Stories + Numbers
Note
From Cradle to Grave—Life Cycle and Valuation
Chapter Six: Promise Aplenty
Valuation Issues
Valuation Solutions
Are We Missing Something?
Chapter Seven: Growing Pains
Valuation Issues
Valuation Solutions
Chapter Eight: Valuation Viagra
Valuation Issues
Valuation Solutions
Can Changing Management Change Value?
Chapter Nine: Doomsday
Valuation Issues
Valuation Solutions
Breaking the Mold—Special Situations in Valuation
Chapter Ten: Bank on It
Valuation Issues
Valuation Solutions
Chapter Eleven: Roller Coaster Investing
Valuation Issues
Valuation Solutions
The Real Option Argument for Undeveloped Reserves
Conclusion: Rules for the Road
Common Ingredients
Differences in Emphasis
And the Payoff
Parting Words
End User License Agreement
List of Tables
Chapter 2
Table 2.1 A Financial Balance Sheet
Chapter 3
Table 3.1 Valuation Choices
Table 3.2 From Net Income to Potential Dividend (or Free
Cash Flow to Equity...
Table 3.3 FCFE at Kraft Heinz from 2020 to 2022
Table 3.4 FCFF at Kraft Heinz from 2020 to 2022
Table 3.5 Reinvestment at Kraft Heinz from 2020 to 2022
Table 3.6 Estimating a Beta for KHC
Table 3.7 Estimating Sustainable Growth
Table 3.8 Expected Free Cash Flow to Firm for KHC
Table 3.9 Value of Operating Assets at KHC
Table 3.10 Revenue Growth, Margins, and Value per Share
for KHC
Chapter 4
Table 4.1 Summary Statistics on Multiples—Across US
Stocks in January 2023...
Table 4.2 PE Ratios across Time: 2004–2023
Table 4.3 Fundamentals Determining Multiples
Table 4.4 Valuation Mismatches
Table 4.5 Beverage Companies in the US in March 2009
Chapter 5
Table 5.1 Restaurant Food Delivery Markets (in US$) in
2020
Table 5.2 Costs of Capital for US and Global Companies in
US$, July 2023
Table 5.3 Expected Operating Profits at Zomato
Table 5.4 Free Cash Flows to the Firm and Present Value at
Zomato in 2021
Table 5.5 Zomato—Alternative Stories and Value per Share
Chapter 6
Table 6.1 Expected Revenues for Airbnb (in $ millions)
Table 6.2 Expected Earnings and Cash Flows (in $ millions)
for Airbnb...
Table 6.3 Free Cash Flows (in $ millions) and Value
for Airbnb
Chapter 7
Table 7.1 R&D Amortization in $ millions: Google in 2023
Table 7.2 Effects of Capitalizing Research Expenses:
Alphabet
Table 7.3 Expected Free Cash Flows to Firm for Alphabet
Table 7.4 Value of Operating Assets for Alphabet
Chapter 8
Table 8.1 Cost of Capital and Debt Ratios for Unilever
Chapter 9
Table 9.1 Value of Operating Assets for Bed Bath & Beyond
Table 9.2 Bond Rating and Probability of Default: 1920–
2022
Chapter 10
Table 10.1 Expected Earnings and Dividends for Citigroup
in May 2023
Table 10.2 Expected Free Cashflow to Equity (in $ millions)
for Citigroup in...
Table 10.3 Pricing Citigroup in April 2023
Chapter 11
Table 11.1 Expected Cash Flows ($ millions) and Value per
Share—Royal Dutch...
Table 11.2 Ratios for Large Integrated Oil Companies
in August 2023...
List of Illustrations
Chapter 2
Figure 2.1 Accounting Balance Sheet
Figure 2.2 Accounting Income Statement
Figure 2.3 Accounting Statement of Cash Flows
Figure 2.4 Profitability Scaled to Revenue (Margins)
Figure 2.5 Normal and Skewed Distributions
Figure 2.6 Scatterplot of Interest Rates against Inflation
Chapter 4
Figure 4.1 The Pricing Process
Figure 4.2 PE Ratio Distribution: US Stocks in January
2023
Chapter 5
Figure 5.1 Valuation as a Bridge
Figure 5.2 Valuation Stories—The 3P Test
Figure 5.3 The Drivers of Value
Figure 5.4 Stories and Valuation Inputs
Figure 5.5 Stories and Valuation Inputs—Zomato in June
2021
Chapter 6
Figure 6.1 The Early Stages of the Business Life Cycle
Figure 6.2 Pricing Airbnb in November 2020
Chapter 11
Figure 11.1 Royal Dutch Shell—Revenues, Earnings, and Oil
Prices
Figure 11.2 Royal Dutch Shell—Value per Share and Oil
Prices
Little Book Series                        
In the Little Book series , the brightest icons in the financial world
write on topics that range from tried-and-true investment strategies
to tomorrow's new trends. Each book offers a unique perspective on
investing, allowing the reader to pick and choose from the very best
in investment advice today.
Books in the Little Book series  include:
The Little Book of Investing Like the Pros  by Pearl and
Rosenbaum
The Little Book That Still Beats the Market  by Joel Greenblatt
The Little Book That Saves Your Assets  by David M. Darst
The Little Book That Builds Wealth  by Pat Dorsey
The Little Book That Makes You Rich  by Louis Navellier
The Little Book of Common Sense Investing  by John C. Bogle
The Little Book of Value Investing  by Christopher Browne
The Little Book of Big Dividends  by Charles B. Carlson
The Little Book of Main Street Money  by Jonathan Clements
The Little Book of Trading  by Michael W. Covel
The Little Book of Valuation  by AswathDamodaran
The Little Book of Economics  by Greg Ip
The Little Book of Sideways Markets  by Vitaliy N. Katsenelson
The Little Book of Big Profits from Small Stocks  by Hilary
Kramer
The Little Book of Currency Trading  by Kathy Lien
The Little Book of Bull’s Eye Investing  by John Mauldin
The Little Book of Emerging Markets  by Mark Mobius
The Little Book of Behavioral Investing  by James Montier
The Little Book of Hedge Funds  by Anthony Scaramucci
The Little Book of Bull Moves  by Peter D. Schiff
The Little Book of Alternative Investments  by Stein and DeMuth
The Little Book of Bulletproof Investing  by Ben Stein and Phil
DeMuth
The Little Book of Commodity Investing  by John R. Stephenson
The Little Book of the Shrinking Dollar  by Addison Wiggin
The Little Book of Stock Market Profits  by Mitch Zacks
The Little Book of Safe Money  by Jason Zweig
The Little Book of Zen Money  by The Seven Dollar Millionaire
The Little Book of Picking Top Stocks  by Martin S. Fridson
The Little Book of Robo Investing  by Elizabeth MacBride and
Quian Liu
THE LITTLE BOOK OF
VALUA TION
How to Value a Company, Pick a Stock, and
Proﬁt
 
ASWATH DAMODARAN
Updated Edition
 
 
 
 
 
 

Copyright © 2024 by Aswath Damodaran. All rights reserved.
Published by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., Hoboken, New Jersey.
Published simultaneously in Canada.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted
in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, scanning, or
otherwise, except as permitted under Section 107 or 108 of the 1976 United States Copyright
Act, without either the prior written permission of the Publisher, or authorization through
payment of the appropriate per-copy fee to the Copyright Clearance Center, Inc., 222
Rosewood Drive, Danvers, MA 01923, (978) 750-8400, fax (978) 750-4470, or on the web at
www.copyright.com . Requests to the Publisher for permission should be addressed to the
Permissions Department, John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 111 River Street, Hoboken, NJ 07030,
(201) 748-6011, fax (201) 748-6008, or online at http://www.wiley.com/go/permission .
Trademarks: Wiley and the Wiley logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of John
Wiley & Sons, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the United States and other countries and may not
be used without written permission. All other trademarks are the property of their
respective owners. John Wiley & Sons, Inc. is not associated with any product or vendor
mentioned in this book.
Limit of Liability/Disclaimer of Warranty: While the publisher and author have used their
best efforts in preparing this book, they make no representations or warranties with respect
to the accuracy or completeness of the contents of this book and specifically disclaim any
implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. No warranty may
be created or extended by sales representatives or written sales materials. The advice and
strategies contained herein may not be suitable for your situation. You should consult with a
professional where appropriate. Further, readers should be aware that websites listed in this
work may have changed or disappeared between when this work was written and when it is
read. Neither the publisher nor authors shall be liable for any loss of profit or any other
commercial damages, including but not limited to special, incidental, consequential, or
other damages.
For general information on our other products and services or for technical support, please
contact our Customer Care Department within the United States at (800) 762-2974, outside
the United States at (317) 572-3993 or fax (317) 572-4002.
Wiley also publishes its books in a variety of electronic formats. Some content that appears
in print may not be available in electronic formats. For more information about Wiley
products, visit our web site at www.wiley.com .
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data is Available:
ISBN 9781394244409 (Cloth)
ISBN 9781394245055 (ePDF)
ISBN 9781394245062 (ePUB)
Cover Design: Paul McCarthy
To all of those
who have been subjected to my long discourses on
valuation,
this is my penance .
F o r e w o r d
Do you know what a share in Google, Tesla or NVidia is really worth?
What about that condo or house you just bought? Should you care?
Knowing the value of a stock, bond, or property may not be a
prerequisite for successful investing, but it does help individual
investors like you make more informed judgments.
Most investors see valuing an asset as a daunting task—something
far too complex and complicated for their skill sets. Consequently,
they leave it to the professionals (equity research analysts,
appraisers) or ignore it entirely. I believe that valuation, at its core, is
simple and anyone who is willing to spend time collecting
information and analyzing it, can do it. I hope to show you how in
this book. I also hope to strip away the mystique from valuation
practices and provide ways in which you can look at valuation
judgments made by analysts and appraisers and decide for yourself
whether they make sense or not.
While valuation models can be filled with details, the value of a
company rests on a few key drivers, which may vary from company
to company. In the search for these value drivers , I will look not
only across the life cycle from young, growth firms such as Zomato,
an Indian online food delivery company, to mature companies like
Unilever, but also across diverse sectors from commodity companies
like Royal Dutch to financial service companies like Citigroup. In a
webpage to accompany this book and on a mobile app, you can not
only look at the spreadsheets containing these valuations, but you
can also change or update the numbers and see the effects. In
addition, the webpage gives you access to more resources that you
can use, if you want to dig deeper.
Here is the bonus: if you understand the value drivers of a business,
you can also start to identify value plays : stocks that are investment
bargains. By the end of the book, I would like you to be able to assess
the value of any company or business that you are interested in
buying and use this understanding to become not only a more
informed investor but also a more successful one. Will that make you
a successful investor or earn you riches? Not necessarily, but it will
give you the tools to avoid investing mistakes and to spot investment
scams.
Let's hit the road!
Hit the Ground Running—
Valuation Basics
Chapter One
Value—More than a Number!: U n d e r s t a n d i n g
t h e   T e r r a i n
OSCAR WILDE DEFINED A CYNIC AS ONE WHO  “knows the price
of everything and the value of nothing.” The same can be said of
many investors who regard investing as a game and define winning
as staying ahead of the pack.
A postulate of sound investing is that an investor does not pay more
for an asset than it is worth. If you accept this proposition, it follows
that you must at least try to value whatever you are buying before
buying it. I know there are those who argue that value is in the eyes
of the beholder and that any price can be justified if there are other
investors who perceive an investment to be worth that amount. That
is patently absurd. Perceptions may be all that matter when the asset
is a painting or a sculpture, but you buy financial assets for the cash
flows that you expect to receive. The price of a stock cannot be
justified by merely using the argument that there will be other
investors around who will pay a higher price in the future. That is the
equivalent of playing an expensive game of musical chairs, and the
question becomes: Where will you be when the music stops?
Two Approaches to Valuation
Ultimately, there are dozens of valuation models but only two
valuation approaches: intrinsic  and relative . In intrinsic valuation ,
we begin with a simple proposition: the intrinsic value of an asset is
determined by the cash flows you expect that asset to generate over
its life and how uncertain you feel about these cash flows. Assets with
high and stable cash flows should be worth more than assets with
low and volatile cash flows. You should pay more for a property that
has long-term renters paying a high rent than for a more speculative
property with not only lower rental income but more variable
vacancy rates from period to period.
While the focus in principle should be on intrinsic valuation, most
assets are valued on a relative basis. In relative valuation , assets are
valued by looking at how the market prices similar assets. Thus,
when determining what to pay for a house, you would look at what
similar houses in the neighbourhood sold for. With a stock, that
means comparing its pricing to similar stocks, usually in its “peer
group.” Thus, Exxon Mobil will be viewed as a stock to buy if it is
trading at 8 times earnings while other oil companies trade at 12
times earnings. Since this approach to putting a number on a
business or asset is philosophically different from intrinsic valuation
and determined less by fundamentals and more by what other people
are willing to pay, we will use the term “pricing” to describe relative
valuation.
Intrinsic valuation provides a fuller picture of what drives the value
of a business or stock, but there are times when pricing will yield a
more realistic estimate of what you can get for that business or stock
in the market today. While nothing stops you from using both
approaches to put a number on the same investment, it is imperative
that you understand whether your mission is to value an asset or to
price it, since the tool kit that you will need is different.
Why Should You Care?
Investors come to the market with a wide range of investment
philosophies. Some are market timers looking to buy before market
upturns while others believe in picking stocks based on growth and
future earnings potential.
Some pore over price charts and classify themselves as technicians,
whereas others compute financial ratios and swear by fundamental
analysis, in which they drill down on the specific cash flows that a
company can generate and derive a value based on these cash flows.
Some invest for short-term profits and others for long-term gains.
Knowing how to value assets is useful to all these investors, though
its place in the process will vary. Market timers can use valuation or
pricing tools at the start of the process to determine whether a group
or class of assets (stocks, bonds, or real estate) is under- or
overvalued, while stock pickers can draw on valuations of individual
companies to decide which stocks are cheap and which ones are
expensive. Even technical analysts (including chartists) can use
valuations to detect shifts in momentum when a stock on an upward
path changes course and starts going down or vice versa.
Increasingly, though, the need to assess value and price has moved
beyond investments and portfolio management. There is a role for
valuation and pricing at every stage of a firm's life cycle. For small
private businesses thinking about expanding, pricing and valuation
play a key role when they approach venture capital and private equity
investors for more capital. The share of a firm that venture capitalists
will demand in exchange for a capital infusion will depend on the
value (pricing) they estimate for the firm. As the companies get
larger and decide to go public, your assessments of what it is worth
will determine the prices at which they are offered to the market in
the public offering. Once established, decisions on where to invest,
how much to borrow, and how much to return to the owners will all
be affected by perceptions of their impact on value. Even accounting
is not immune. The most significant global trend in accounting
standards is a shift toward fair value accounting, where assets are
valued on balance sheets at their fair values rather than at their
original cost. Thus, even a casual perusal of financial statements
requires an understanding of valuation fundamentals and pricing
basics.
Some Truths about Valuation
Before delving into the details of valuation, it is worth noting some
general truths about valuation that will provide you not only with
perspective when looking at valuations done by others but also with
some comfort when doing your own.
All V aluations Are Biased
You almost never start valuing a company or stock with a blank slate.
All too often, your views on a company or stock are formed before
you start inputting the numbers into the models and metrics that you
use and, not surprisingly, your conclusions tend to reflect your
biases.
The bias in the process starts with the companies you choose to
value. These choices are not random. It may be that you have read
something in the press (good or bad) about the company or heard
from a talking head that a particular company was under- or
overvalued. It continues when you collect the information you need
to value the firm. The annual report and other financial statements
include not only the accounting numbers but also management
discussions of performance, often putting the best possible spin on
the numbers.
With professional analysts, there are institutional factors  that add to
this already substantial bias. Equity research analysts, for instance,
issue more buy than sell recommendations because they need to
maintain good relations with the companies they follow and because
of the pressures that they face from their own employers, who
generate other business from these companies. To these institutional
factors, add the reward and punishment structure  associated with
finding companies to be under- and overvalued. Analysts whose
compensation is dependent on whether they find a firm to be cheap
or expensive will be biased in that direction.
The inputs that you use in the valuation will reflect your optimistic or
pessimistic bent; thus, you are more likely to use higher growth rates
and see less risk in companies that you are predisposed to like. There
is also post-valuation garnishing , where you increase your estimated
value by adding premiums for the good stuff (synergy, control, and
management quality) or reduce your estimated value by netting out
discounts for the bad stuff (illiquidity and risk).
Always be honest about your biases: Why did you pick this company
to value? Do you like or dislike the company's management? Do you
already own stock in the company? Put these biases down on paper,
if possible, before you start. In addition, confine your background
research on the company to information sources rather than opinion
sources; in other words, spend more time looking at a company's
financial statements than reading equity research reports about the
company. If you are looking at someone else's valuation of a
company, always consider the reasons for the valuation and the
potential biases that may affect the analyst's judgments. Generally,
the more bias there is in the process, the less weight you should
attach to the valuation judgment.
Valuations (Even Good Ones) Are W rong
Starting early in life, you are taught that if you follow the right steps
and use the right models, you will get the correct answer and that if
the answer is imprecise, you must have done something wrong.
While precision is a good measure of process quality in mathematics
or physics, it is a poor measure of quality in valuation. Your best
estimates for the future will not match up to the actual numbers for
several reasons. First, even if your information sources are
impeccable, you must convert raw information into forecasts, and
any mistakes that you make at this stage will cause estimation error .
Next, the path that you envision for a firm can prove to be hopelessly
off. The firm may do much better or much worse than you expected it
to perform, and the resulting earnings and cash flows will be
different from your estimates; consider this firm-specific
uncertainty . When valuing Cisco in 2001, for instance, we seriously
underestimated how difficult it would be for the company to
maintain its acquisition-driven growth in the future, and we
overvalued the company as a consequence. Finally, even if a firm
evolves exactly the way you expected it to, the macroeconomic
environment can change in unpredictable ways. Interest rates can go
up or down, and the economy can do much better or worse than
expected. Our valuation of Marriott from November 2019 looks
hopelessly optimistic, in hindsight, because we did not foresee the
global pandemic in 2020 and the economic consequences for the
hospitality business.
The amount and type of uncertainty that you face can vary across
companies, with consequences for investors. One implication is that
you cannot judge a valuation by its precision, since you will face
more uncertainty when you value a young growth company than
when you value a mature company. Another is that avoiding dealing
with uncertainty will not make it go away. Refusing to value a
business because you are too uncertain about its future prospects
makes no sense, since everyone else looking at the business faces the
same uncertainty. Finally, collecting more information and doing
more analysis will not necessarily translate into less uncertainty,
since the uncertainty does not just come from estimation mistakes
but also reflects real uncertainty about the future.
Simpler Can Be Better
Valuations have become more and more complex over the last two
decades because of two developments. On the one side, computers
and calculators are more powerful and accessible than they used to
be, making it easier to analyze data. On the other side, information is
both more plentiful and easier to access and use.
A fundamental question in valuation is how much detail to bring into
the process, and the trade-off is straightforward. More detail gives
you a chance to use specific information to make better forecasts, but
it also creates the need for more inputs, with the potential for error
on each one, and it generates more complicated and opaque models.
Drawing from the principle of parsimony, common in the physical
sciences, here is a simple rule: when valuing an asset, use the
simplest model that you can. If you can value an asset with three
inputs, don't use five. If you can value a company with three years of
forecasts, forecasting 10 years of cash flows is asking for trouble.
Less is more.
Start Your Engines!
Most investors choose not to value companies and offer a variety of
excuses: valuation models are too complex, there is insufficient
information, or there is too much uncertainty. While all these
reasons have a kernel of truth to them, there is no reason why they
should stop you from trying. Valuation models can be simplified, and
you can make do with the information you have and—yes—the future
will always be uncertain. In hindsight, will you be wrong? Of course,
but so will everyone else. Success in investing comes not from being
right but from being less wrong than everyone else.
Chapter Two
Power Tools of the Trade: Time Value, Risk,
and Statistics
SHOULD YOU BUY NVIDIA  (NVID) , a company that pays no
dividends now but has great growth potential and lots of uncertainty
about its future, or Altria (MO), a high dividend–paying company
with limited growth prospects and stable income? Is Altria cheap,
relative to other tobacco companies? To make these assessments,
you must compare cash flows today to cash flows in the future, to
evaluate how risk affects value, and be able to deal with a large
amount of information. The tools to do so are provided in this
chapter.
Time Is Money
The simplest tools in finance are often the most powerful. The notion
that a dollar today is preferable to a dollar in the future is intuitive
enough for most people to grasp without the use of models and
mathematics. The principles of present value  enable us to calculate
exactly how much a dollar sometime in the future is worth in today's
terms and to compare cash flows across time.
There are three reasons why a cash flow in the future is worth less
than a similar cash flow today.
1. People prefer consuming today to consuming in the future.
2. Inflation decreases the purchasing power of cash over time. A
dollar in the future will buy less than a dollar would today.
3. A promised cash flow in the future may not be delivered. There
is risk in waiting.
The process by which future cash flows are adjusted to reflect these
factors is called discounting, and the magnitude of these factors is
reflected in the discount rate . The discount rate can be viewed as a
composite of the expected real return  (reflecting consumption
preferences), expected inflation (to capture the purchasing power of
the cash flow), and a premium for uncertainty associated with the
cash flow.
The process of discounting converts future cash flows into cash flows
in today's terms. There are five types of cash flows—simple cash
flows, annuities, growing annuities, perpetuities, and growing
perpetuities.
A simple cash flow  is a single cash flow in a specified future period.
Discounting a cash flow converts it into today's dollars (or present
value) and enables the user to compare cash flows at different points
in time. The present value of a cash flow is calculated thus:
Thus, the present value of $1,000 in 10 years, with a discount rate of
8 percent, is:
Other things remaining equal, the present value of a cash flow in the
future will decrease the further into the future it is and the more
uncertain you feel about getting it.
An annuity  is a constant cash flow that occurs at regular intervals for
a finite period. While you can compute the present value by
discounting each cash flow and adding up the numbers, you can also
use this equation:
To illustrate, assume again that you have a choice of buying a car for
$10,000 cash down or paying installments of $3,000 a year, at the
end of each year, for five years, for the same car. If the discount rate
is 12 percent, the present value of the installment plan is:
The cash-down plan costs less, in present value terms, than the
installment plan. This equation can be adapted to allow for cash
flows that occur at the start of the year, and all it requires is that the
present value be compounded by the discount rate of 12% for a year,
yielding a value of $12,112 ($10,814 × 1.12).
A growing annuity  is a cash flow that grows at a constant rate for a
specified period. Suppose you have the rights to a goldmine that
generated $1.5 million in cash flows last year and is expected to
continue to generate cash flows for the next 20 years. If you assume a
growth rate of 3 percent a year in the cash flows, either from higher
gold prices or more production, and a discount rate of 10 percent to
reflect your uncertainty about these cash flows, the present value of
the gold from this mine is $16.146 million; this value will increase as
the growth rate increases and will decrease as the discount rate
rises.1
A perpetuity  is a constant cash flow at regular intervals forever , and
the present value is obtained by dividing the cash flow by the
discount rate.
The most common example offered for a perpetuity is a console
bond , a bond that pays a fixed interest payment (or coupon) forever.
The value of a console bond that pays a $60 coupon each year if the
interest rate is 9 percent is as follows:
A growing perpetuity  is a cash flow that is expected to grow at a
constant rate forever. The present value of a growing perpetuity can
be written as:
Although a growing perpetuity and a growing annuity share several
features, the fact that a growing perpetuity lasts forever puts
constraints on the growth rate. The growth rate must be less than the
discount rate for the equation to work, but an even tighter constraint
is that the growth rate used must be lower than the nominal growth
rate of the economy, since no asset can have cash flows growing
faster than that rate forever.
Consider a simple example. Assume that you are assessing a stock
that paid $2 as dividends last year. Assume that you expect these
dividends to grow 2 percent a year in perpetuity, and that your
required rate of return for investing in this stock, given its risk, is 8
percent. With these inputs, you can value the stock using a perpetual
growth model:
These cash flows are the essential building blocks for virtually every
financial asset. Bonds, stocks, or real estate properties can ultimately
be broken down into sets of cash flows. If you can discount these
cash flows, you can value all these assets.
Grappling with Risk
When stocks were first traded in the 16th and 17th centuries, there
was little access to information and few ways of processing that
limited information. Only the very wealthy invested in stocks, and
even they were susceptible to scams. As new investors entered the
financial markets at the start of the 20th century, services started to
collect return and price data on individual securities and to compute
basic measures of risk, though these measures remained for the most
part simplistic. For instance, a railroad stock that paid a large
dividend was considered less risky than stock in a manufacturing or
shipping venture.
In the early 1950s, a doctoral student at the University of Chicago
named Harry Markowitz noted that the risk of a portfolio could be
written as a function not only of how much was invested in each
security and the risks of the individual securities but also of how
these securities moved together. If securities that move in different
directions are in the same portfolio, he noted that the risk of the
portfolio could be lower than the risk of individual securities and that
investors should get a much better trade-off from taking risk by
holding diversified portfolios than by holding individual stocks.
To illustrate this, consider the risks you are exposed to when you
invest in a company such as Disney (DIS). Some of the risks you face
are specific to the company: its next big-budget Marvel movie may
do better than expected and its newest theme park in Shanghai may
draw fewer visitors than projected. Some of the risks affect not just
Disney but its competitors in the business: legislation that changes
the nature of the broadcasting business can alter the profitability of
Disney's networks (ABC and ESPN) or its Disney Plus streaming
network, and the ratings on these platforms will be determined by
the strength of its content, relative to competitors. Still other risks
come from macroeconomic factors and affect most or all companies
in the market to varying degrees: rising interest rates or an economic
recession will put a dent in the profitability of all companies. Take
note that you can get better or worse news than expected on each of
these dimensions. If you invest all your money in Disney, you are
exposed to all these risks. If you own Disney as part of a larger
portfolio of many stocks, the risks that affect one or a few firms will
get averaged out in your portfolio: for every company where
something worse than expected happens, there will be another
company where something better than expected will happen. The
macroeconomic risk that affects many or most firms cannot be
diversified away. As a diversified investor, this market risk  is the
only risk that you should consider as an investor in a publicly traded
company.
If you accept the Markowitz proposition that the only risk you care
about is the risk that you cannot diversify away, how do you measure
the exposure of a company to this market-wide risk? The most widely
used model is the capital asset pricing model, or CAPM, developed in
the early 1960s. In this model, you assume that investors face no
transaction costs and share the same information. Since there is no
cost to diversifying and no gain from not doing so, each investor
holds a supremely diversified portfolio composed of all traded assets
(called the market portfolio ). The risk of any asset then becomes the
risk added to this “market portfolio,” which is measured with a beta .
The beta is a relative risk measure, and it is standardized around
one; a stock with a beta above one is more exposed to market risk
than the average stock, and a stock with a beta below one is less
exposed. The expected return  on the investment can then be written
as:
The CAPM is intuitive and simple to use, but it is based on
unrealistic assumptions. To add to the disquiet, studies over the last
few decades suggest that CAPM betas do not do a very good job in
explaining differences in returns across stocks. Consequently, three
classes of models have developed as alternatives to the CAPM. The
first are multi-beta models, which measure the risk added by an
investment to a diversified portfolio, with many betas (rather than
the single beta), and with each beta measuring exposure to a
different type of market risk (with its own risk premium). The second
are proxy models, which look at the characteristics (such as market
p y
capitalization and price-to-book ratio) of companies that have
earned high returns in the past and use those as measures of risk.
Finally, to the extent that you want your risk measure to reflect
fundamentals, you may estimate the risk of a company by looking at
the stability of its operations and earnings.
It is indisputable that all these models are flawed, either because
they make unrealistic assumptions or because the parameters cannot
be estimated precisely. However, there is no disputing that:
Risk matters . Even if you don't agree with portfolio theory, you
cannot ignore risk while investing.
Some investments are riskier than others . If you don't use beta
as a measure of relative risk, you must come up with an
alternative measure of relative risk.
The price of risk affects value, and markets set this price .
You may not buy into the CAPM or multi-beta models, but you must
devise ways of measuring and incorporating risk into your
investment decisions.
Accounting 101
There are three basic accounting statements. The first is the balance
sheet , which summarizes the assets owned by a firm, the value of
these assets, and the mix of debt and equity used to fund them, at a
point in time. The income statement  provides information on the
operations of the firm and its profitability over time. The statement
of cash flows  specifies how much cash the firm generated or spent
from its operating, financing, and investing activities.
How do accountants measure the value of assets? For most fixed and
long-term assets , such as land, buildings, and equipment, they begin
with what you originally paid for the asset (historical cost) and
reduce that value for the aging of the asset (depreciation or
amortization). For short-term assets  (current assets), including
inventory (raw materials, works in progress, and finished goods),
receivables (summarizing moneys owed to the firm), and cash,
accountants are more amenable to the use of an updated or market
value. If a company invests in the securities or assets of another
company, the investment is valued at an updated market value if the
investment is held for trading and historical cost when it is not. In
the special case where the holding comprises more than 50 percent
of the value of another company (subsidiary), the firm must record
all of the subsidiary's assets and liabilities on its balance sheet (this is
called consolidation ), with a minority interest  item capturing the
percentage of the subsidiary that does not belong to it. Finally, you
have what are loosely categorized as intangible assets . While you
would normally consider items such as brand names, customer
loyalty, and a well-trained work force as intangible assets, the most
encountered intangible asset in accounting is goodwill. When a firm
acquires another firm, the price it pays is first allocated to the
existing assets of the acquired firm. Any excess paid becomes
goodwill and is recorded as an asset. If the accountants determine
that the value of the target company has dropped since the
acquisition, this goodwill must be decreased or impaired.
Just as with the measurement of asset value, the accounting
categorization of liabilities and equity is governed by a set of rigid
principles. Current liabilities  include obligations that the firm has
coming due in the next accounting period, such as accounts payable
and short-term borrowing, and these items are usually recorded at
their current market value. Long-term debt , including bank loans
and corporate bonds, are generally recorded at the face value at the
time of issue and are generally not marked-to-market. Finally, the
accounting measure of equity shown on the balance sheet reflects the
original proceeds received by the firm when it issued the equity,
augmented by any earnings made since then (or reduced by losses, if
any) and reduced by any dividends paid out and stock buybacks.
Figure 2.1  summarizes the principles that generally govern
accounting balance sheets:
Two principles underlie the measurement of accounting earnings
and profitability. The first is accrual accounting , where the revenue
from selling a good or service is recognized in the period in which the
good is sold or the service is performed (in whole or substantially),
and a corresponding effort is made to match expenses incurred to
generate revenues. The second is the categorization of expenses into
operating, financing, or capital expenses .
Figure 2.1  Accounting Balance Sheet
Operating expenses are expenses that at least in theory provide
benefits only for the current period; the cost of labor and
materials expended to create products that are sold in the
current period is a good example.
Financing expenses are expenses arising from the non-equity
financing used to raise capital for the business; the most
common example is interest expenses.
Capital expenses are expected to generate benefits over multiple
periods; for instance, the cost of buying machinery and
buildings is treated as a capital expense and is spread over time
as depreciation or amortization.
Netting operating expenses and depreciation from revenues yields
operating income , whereas the income after interest and taxes is
termed net income . Figure 2.2  reviews the sequence that accountants
go through to arrive at net income:
Figure 2.2  Accounting Income Statement
The accounting income statement measures accrual income, based
on the revenues and expenses associated with transactions during a
period, but it does not include capital expenses during the period. As
a consequence, a company's cash flows can be different from its
earnings, and the statement of cash flows represents the accounting
attempt to measure cash flows to and from a business. That
statement has three parts to it, with the operating cash flow segment
estimating how much equity investors derived as cash flows from
operations, adding back non-cash expenses and subtracting out
changes in non-cash working capital items, the investing cash flow
segment looking at capital expenditures and cash acquisitions and
the financing segment focusing on cash flows to and from debt
financing (debt issued and repaid) and to and from equity investors
(new stock issuances and buybacks). Figure 2.3  breaks down the
statement of cash flows into its constituent parts:
To measure profitability on a relative basis, you can scale profits to
revenues to estimate margins , either from an operating standpoint
(operating margin  = operating income / sales) or to equity investors
(net margin  = net income / sales). Figure 2.4  reviews different
measures of profit margins:
Figure 2.3  Accounting Statement of Cash Flows
To measure how well a firm is investing its capital, we can look at the
after-tax operating income relative to the capital invested in the
firm , where capital is defined as the sum of the book values (BV) of
debt and equity, net of cash, and marketable securities. This is the
return on capital  (ROC) or return on invested capital  (ROIC) and it
is computed as follows:
Figure 2.4  Profitability Scaled to Revenue (Margins)
The return on capital varies widely across firms in different
businesses, tending to be lower in competitive businesses. The
return on equity  (ROE) examines profitability from the perspective
of the equity investors by relating profits to the equity investor (net
profit after taxes and interest expenses) to the book value of the
equity investment and can be computed as:
An accounting balance sheet is useful because it provides us with
information about a firm's history of investing and raising capital,
but it is backward looking. To provide a more forward-looking
picture, consider an alternative, the financial balance sheet, as
illustrated in Table 2.1 .
While a financial balance sheet bears a superficial resemblance to the
accounting balance sheet, it differs on two important counts. First,
rather than classify assets based on asset life or tangibility, it
categorizes them into investments already made by the company
(assets in place) and investments that you expect the company to
make in the future (growth assets). The second is that the values
reflect not what has already been invested in these assets but their
current values, based on expectations for the future. Since the assets
are recorded at current value, the debt and equity values are also
updated. Both US and international accounting standards are
pushing toward “fair value” accounting. Put simply, this would lead
to accounting balance sheets more closely resembling financial
balance sheets.
Table 2.1  A Financial Balance Sheet
Measure Explanation
Assets in
placeValue of investments already made, updated to
reflect their current cash flow potential
+Growth
assetsValue of investments the company is expected to
make in the future (this rests on perceptions of
growth opportunities)
=Value of
businessThe value of a business is the sum of assets in place
and growth assets.
−Debt Lenders get first claim on cash flows, during
operations, and cash proceeds, in liquidation.
=Value of
equityEquity investors get whatever is left over after debt
payments.
Making Sense of Data
The problem that we face in financial analysis today is not that we
have too little information but that we have too much. Making sense
of large and often contradictory information is part of analyzing
companies. Statistics can make this job easier.
There are three ways to present data. The first and simplest is to
provide the individual data items and let the user make sense of the
data. Thus, an analyst who compares the price earnings (PE) ratio for
a chemical company with the PE ratios of four similar chemical
companies is using individual data. As the number of data items
mounts, it becomes more difficult to keep track of individual data,
and we look at ways to summarize the data. The most common of
these summary statistics is the average  across all data items, and the
standard deviation , which measures the spread, or deviation around
the average. While summary statistics are useful, they can sometimes
be misleading. Consequently, when presented with thousands of
pieces of information, you can break the numbers down into
individual values (or ranges of values) and indicate the number of
individual data items that take on each value or range of values. This
is called a frequency distribution . The advantages of presenting the
data in a distribution are two-fold. First, you can summarize even the
largest data set into a distribution and get a measure of what values
occur most frequently and the range of high and low values. The
second is that the resulting distribution can resemble one of the
many common statistical distributions. The normal distribution, for
instance, is a symmetric distribution, with a peak centered in the
middle of the distribution and tails that stretch to include infinite
positive or negative values. Not all distributions are symmetric,
though. Some are weighted toward extreme positive values and are
positively skewed and some toward extreme negative values and are
negatively skewed, as indicated in Figure 2.5 .
Figure 2.5  Normal and Skewed Distributions
Why should you care? With skewed distributions, the average may
not be a good measure of what is typical. It will be pushed up (down)
by the extreme positive (negative) values in a positively (negatively)
skewed distribution. With these distributions, it is the median , the
midpoint of the distribution (with half of all data points being higher
and half being lower), which is the better indicator.
When looking at two series of data it is useful to know whether and
how movements in one variable affect the other. Consider, for
instance, two widely followed variables, inflation and interest rates,
and assume that you want to analyze how they move together. The
simplest measure of this co-movement is the correlation . If interest
rates go up when inflation increases, the variables move together and
have a positive correlation; if interest rates go down when inflation
increases, they have a negative correlation. A correlation close to
zero indicates that interest rates and inflation have no relationship to
each other, whereas a correlation of one indicates that they move in
lock step. While a correlation tells you how two variables move
together, a simple regression  allows you to go further. Assume, for
instance, that you wanted to examine how changes in inflation affect
changes in interest rates. You would start by plotting 10 years of data
on interest rates against inflation in a scatterplot,  as shown in Figure
2.6.
Each of the 10 points on the scatterplot represents a year of data,
reflecting the inflation and interest rate in that year. In an ordinary
least squares (OLS) regression, you find a best fit line, which
minimizes the sum of the squared (vertical) distances of the points
from the line. When the regression line is fit, two parameters emerge
—one is the intercept of the regression, and the other is the slope of
the regression line. Assume, in this case, that the regression output is
as follows:
Figure 2.6  Scatterplot of Interest Rates against Inflation
The intercept  measures the expected value that interest rates will
have when the inflation is zero; in this case, that value is 1.5 percent.
The slope (b)  of the regression measures how much interest rates are
expected to change for every 1 percent change in inflation; in this
case that value is 0.8 percent. When the two variables are positively
(negatively) correlated, the slope will also be positive (negative). The
regression equation can be used to estimate predicted values for the
dependent variable. Thus, if you expect inflation to be 2 percent, the
expected interest rate will be 3.1 percent (1.5% + 0.8 × 2% = 3.1%). In
a multiple regression, you extend this approach to try to explain a
dependent variable with several independent variables. You could,
for instance, attempt to explain changes in interest rates using both
inflation and overall economic growth. With both simple and
multiple regressions, the R-squared explains the percentage of the
variation in the dependent variable that is explained by the
independent variable or variables; thus, in our example above, 60
percent of the variation in interest rates can be explained by changes
in inflation.
The Toolbox Is Full
You can get a lot done with the tools developed in this chapter. Time
value concepts can be used to compare and aggregate cash flows
across time on investments. Risk and return models in finance allow
us to derive costs of investing in companies and, by extension, to
value companies in different businesses. Much of the earnings and
cash flow data come from financial statements. Finally, given the
sheer quantity of information that we have to access, statistical
measures that compress the data and provide a sense of the
relationships between data items can provide invaluable insight. Let
us take this valuation toolbox and go to work on specific companies.
Note
1   There is a present value equation that exists for this computation:
You can also arrive at the same number by computing the present
value of each cash flow and adding up the numbers.
Chapter Three
Yes, Virginia, Every Asset Has an Intrinsic Value:
Determining Intrinsic Value
IMAGINE YOU ARE AN INVESTOR LOOKING to invest in a share of Kraft Heinz
(KHC), a food processing company with some of the most recognized brand names in
the world. Based on the information that you have on the company right now, you
could estimate the expected cash flows you would get from this investment and assess
the risk in those cash flows. Converting these expectations into an estimate of the
value of KHC is the focus of this chapter.
Value the Business or Just the Equity?
In discounted cash flow valuation, you discount expected cash flows back at a risk-
adjusted rate. When applied in the context of valuing a company, one approach is to
value the entire business, with both existing investments and growth assets; this is
often termed firm, or enterprise, valuation . The other approach is to focus on valuing
just the equity in the business. Table 3.1  frames the two approaches in terms of the
financial balance items introduced in Chapter 2 .
Table 3.1  Valuation Choices
Measure Explanation
Assets in
place
+Growth
assets
=Value of
businessTo value the entire business, discount the cash flows before debt
payments (cash flow to the firm) by overall cost of financing,
including both debt and equity (cost of capital).
−Debt From the value of the business, subtract out debt to get to equity.
=Value of
equityTo value equity directly, discount the cash flows left over after debt
payments (cash flows to equity) at the cost of equity.
Put in the context of the question of whether you should buy shares in Kraft Heinz
(KHC), here are your choices. You can value KHC as a business and subtract out the
debt the company owes to get to the value of its shares. Or you can value the equity in
the company directly, by focusing on the cash flows KHC has left over after debt
payments and adjusting for the risk in the stock. Done right, both approaches should
yield similar estimates of value per share.
Inputs to Intrinsic Valuation
There are four basic inputs that we need for a value estimate: cash flows from existing
assets (net of reinvestment needs and taxes), expected growth in these cash flows for a
forecast period, the cost of financing the assets, and an estimate of what the firm will
be worth at the end of the forecast period. Each of these inputs can be defined either
from the perspective of the firm or just from the perspective of the equity investors.
We will use KHC to illustrate each measure, using information from its 2022 annual
report.
Cash Flows
The simplest and most direct measure of the cash flow you get from the company for
buying its shares is dividends paid; KHC paid $1,960 million in dividends in 2022.
One limitation of focusing on dividends is that many companies do not pay dividends,
and others have shifted from dividends to stock buybacks as their mechanism for
returning cash to stockholders. While only those stockholders who sell their stock
back receive cash, it still represents cash returned to equity investors. One simple way
of adjusting for this is to augment the dividend  with stock buybacks and look at the
cumulative cash returned to stockholders.
Unlike dividends, stock buybacks can spike in some years and may need to be
averaged across a few years to arrive at more reasonable annualized numbers. KHC,
unlike many other mature US companies, has chosen not to buy back stock any time
in the last decade, leaving us with no augmentation to the dividend. If they had bought
back stock, we would have added those buybacks (either the most recent year's
number or an average over time) to the dividends.
With both dividends and augmented dividends, we are trusting managers at publicly
traded firms to pay out to stockholders any excess cash left over after meeting
operating and reinvestment needs. However, we do know that managers do not always
follow this practice, as evidenced by the large cash balances that you see at most
publicly traded firms. To estimate what managers could have returned to equity
investors, we develop a measure of potential dividends that we term the free cash flow
to equity . Intuitively, the free cash flow to equity measures the cash left over after
taxes, reinvestment needs, and debt cash flows have been met. Its measurement is laid
out in Table 3.2 .
For simplicity, we will first subtract depreciation from capital expenditures; the
resulting net capital expenditure  represents investment in long-term assets. Adding
the net capital expenditures to the change in non-cash working capital  yields the
total reinvestment . This reinvestment reduces cash flow to equity investors, but it
provides a payoff in terms of future growth. For KHC, the potential dividend, or free
cash flow to equity (FCFE), can be computed as follows for 2020 to 2022, in Table 3.3 .
To obtain these numbers, I drew on KHC's statement of cash flows and made a few
computational assumptions. I included the cash acquisitions, net of divestments, that
are shown in the statement in my capital expenditures and the commercial paper
issued and repaid during 2020 and 2022 in both my debt issued and repaid. Finally,
the change in non-cash working capital also includes the cash flow effects of deferred
taxes.
Table 3.2 From Net Income to Potential Dividend (or Free Cash Flow to
Equity)
Measure Explanation
Net income Earnings to equity investors, after taxes and interest expenses
+Depreciation Accounting expense (reduces earnings) but not a cash expense
−Capital
expendituresNot an accounting expense but still a cash outflow
−Change in non-
cash working
capitalIncreases in inventory and accounts receivable reduce cash
flows and increases in accounts payable increase cash flows. If
working capital increases, cash flow decreases.
−(Principal repaid –
New debt issues)Principal repayments are cash outflows, but new debt
generates cash inflows. The net change affects cash flows to
equity.
=Potential dividend,
or FCFEThis is the cash left over after all needs are met. If it is positive,
it represents a potential dividend. If it is negative, it is a cash
shortfall, which must be covered with new equity infusions.
Table 3.3  FCFE at Kraft Heinz from 2020 to 2022
 2022 2021 2020
Net Income $2,368.00 $1,024.00 $361.00
    + Depreciation & amortization $933.00 $910.00 $969.00
    + Goodwill impairment $913.00 $1,634.00 $3,399.00
    − Capital expenditures $1,309.00 −$4,035.00 $596.00
    − Change in non-cash WC $1,761.00 $636.00 −$115.00
FCFE before Debt cash flows $1,144.00 $6,967.00 $4,248.00
    + Debt raised $228.00 $0.00 $7,500.00
    − Debt repaid $1,683.00 $8,161.00 $10,655.00
FCFE −$311.00 −$1,194.00 $1,093.00
KHC reinvested relatively little in net capital expenditures in 2022, but it had a
substantial investment ($1,761 million) in non-cash working capital and deferred
taxes. The working capital line item, though, is volatile, going from a small decrease in
working capital in 2020 to an increase in 2021 and an even larger jump in 2022. After
incorporating the cash flows to and from debt, KHC a FCFE of − $311 million in 2022
and a FCFE of − $1,194 million in 2021, though that followed a year of positive FCFE
that exceeded a billion. A more conservative version of cash flows to equity, which
Warren Buffett calls “owners' earnings,” ignores the net cash flow from debt. For
KHC, the FCFE before debt cash flows has been positive each year, with the big jump
in 2021 coming from divestitures of assets.
The cash flow to the firm is the cash left over after taxes and after all reinvestment
needs have been met but before interest and principal payments on debt. To get to
cash flow to the firm, you start with operating earnings, instead of net income, and
subtract out the taxes you would have paid if the entire operating income were taxable
and then subtract reinvestment, with the latter defined exactly the same way it was to
get to FCFF:
Using our earlier definition of reinvestment, we can also write the FCFF as follows:
The reinvestment rate can exceed 100 percent if the firm is reinvesting more than it is
earning, or it can also be less than zero for firms that are divesting assets and
shrinking capital. Both FCFE and FCFF are after taxes and reinvestment, and both can
be negative, either because a firm has negative earnings or because it has reinvestment
needs that exceed income. The key difference is that the FCFE is after debt cash flows
and the FCFF is before. KHC's FCFF between 2020 and 2022 can be computed in
Table 3.4 .
Table 3.4  FCFF at Kraft Heinz from 2020 to 2022
 2022 2021 2020
Operating income $3,634.00 $3,460.00 $2,128.00
Effective tax rate (t) 20.20% 40.10% 65.00%
Operating income × (1 − t) $2,899.93 $2,072.54 $744.80
    + Depreciation & amortization $933.00 $910.00 $969.00
    + Goodwill impairment $913.00 $1,634.00 $3,399.00
    − Capital expenditures $1,309.00 −$4,035.00 $596.00
    − Change in non-cash WC $1,761.00 $636.00 −$115.00
Free cash flow to firm $1,675.93 $8,015.54 $4,631.80
This represents free cash flows from operations for KHC between 2020 and 2022.
Note that the tax is computed as if the entire operating income was taxed (which it is
not) and reflects an estimate of how much taxes would have been due if the company
had no debt. That is why this cash flow (FCFF) is referred to as an unlevered cash
flow.
Table 3.5  Reinvestment at Kraft Heinz from 2020 to 2022
 2022 2021 2020 2020–2022
EBIT × (1 − t) $2,899.93 $2,072.54 $744.80 $5,717.27
FCFF $1,675.93 $8,015.54 $4,631.80 $14,323.27
Reinvestment $1,224.00 −$5,943.00 −$3,887.00 −$8,606.00
Reinvestment rate 42.21% −286.75% −521.89% −150.53%
With both FCFE and FCFF, note the volatility in cash flows from year to year, even if
earnings are stable, as reinvestment ebbs and flows. In fact, looking at the cumulative
values for FCFF and after-tax operating income for KHC over the 2020–2022 period
allows us to estimate the amount reinvested by the firm over the period in Table 3.5 .
While KHC reinvested 42.21% of its after-tax operating income in 2022, it had
negative reinvestment in 2020 and 2021; it shrunk as a business, divesting far more in
assets than it was adding.
Risk
Cash flows that are riskier should be assessed a lower value than more stable cash
flows. In conventional discounted cash flow valuation models, we use higher discount
rates on riskier cash flows and lower discount rates on safer cash flows. The definition
of risk will depend on whether you are valuing the business or just the equity. When
valuing the business, you look at the risk in a firm's operations. When valuing equity,
you look at the risk in the equity investment in this business, which is partly
determined by the risk of the business the firm is in and partly by its choice on how
much debt to use to fund that business. The equity in a safe business can become risky
if the firm uses enough debt to fund that business. In discount rate terms, the risk in
the equity in a business is measured with the cost of equity, whereas the risk in the
business is captured in the cost of capital. The latter will be a weighted average of the
cost of equity and the cost of debt, with the weights reflecting the proportional use of
each source of funding.
There are three inputs needed to estimate a cost of equity: a risk-free rate and a price
for risk (equity risk premium) to use across all investments, as well as a measure of
relative risk (beta) in individual investments.
Risk-free rate:  Since only entities that cannot default can issue risk-free
securities, we generally use 10- or 30-year government bonds rates as risk-free
rates, implicitly assuming that governments don't default.
Equity risk premium (ERP):  This is the premium investors demand on an annual
basis for investing in stocks instead of a risk-free investment, and it should be a
function of how much risk they perceive in stocks and how concerned they are
about that risk. To estimate this number, analysts often look at the past; between
1928 and 2022, for instance, stocks generated 5.06 percent more, on an annual
basis, than treasury bonds. An alternative is to back out a forward-looking
premium (called an implied equity risk premium) from current stock price levels
and expected future cash flows. In July 2023, the implied equity risk premium in
the United States was approximately 5 percent. While the numbers were similar
at the time of this assessment, the two approaches can yield different values, and
we prefer the implied equity risk premium because it is updated and dynamic.
The equity risk premiums in other countries can be estimated using the US
premium as a base, set to the US premium if the country is mature and to higher
values if the country is riskier. A company's ERP should reflect where it does
business, not where it is incorporated.
Relative risk or beta:  To estimate the beta, we generally look at how much a stock
has moved in the past, relative to the market: in statistical terms, it is the slope of
a regression of returns on the stock (say KHC) against a market index (such as the
S&P 500). As a consequence, the beta estimates that we obtain will always be
backward looking (since they are derived from past data) and noisy (since they
are estimated with error). One solution is to replace the regression beta with a
sector-average beta if the firm operates in only one business, or a weighted
average of many sector betas if the firm operates in many businesses. The sector
beta is more precise than an individual regression beta because averaging across
many betas results in averaging out your mistakes.
In July 2023, the risk-free rate was set to the 10-year Treasury bond rate of 3.80
percent, the equity risk premium (ERP) was 5.67 percent, reflecting KHC’s revenue
weighted geographic exposure, and the beta for KHC was estimated by looking at the
business it operated in, which is food processing, as shown in Table 3.6 .
Table 3.6  Estimating a Beta for KHC
Business Estimated value Proportion of firm Sector beta
Food processing $30,146 100.00% 0.69
KHC as a firm $30,146 100.00% 0.69
Note that if KHC had been a multi-business company, we would have estimated a
weighted average of the betas of the businesses it operated in, with the weights based
on the values of these businesses. Adjusting this beta for the debt in KHC, since
financial leverage magnifies business risk, results in a beta of 0.92 for the equity in
KHC:
The resulting cost of equity is 9.00 percent:
While equity investors receive residual cash flows and bear the risk in those cash
flows, lenders to the firm face the risk that they will not receive their promised
payments—interest expenses and principal repayments. It is to cover this default risk
that lenders add a default spread  to the riskless rate when they lend money to firms;
the greater the perceived risk of default, the greater the default spread and the cost of
debt. To estimate this default spread, you can use a bond rating for the company, if
one exists, from an established ratings agency such as S&P or Moody's. If there is no
published bond rating, you can estimate a synthetic  rating for the firm, based on its
ratio of operating income to interest expenses (interest coverage ratio); higher interest
coverage ratios will yield higher ratings and lower interest coverage ratios. Once you
have a bond rating, you can estimate a default spread by looking at publicly traded
bonds with that rating. In July 2023, S&P gave KHC a BBB rating, and the default
spread for BBB-rated bonds at the time was 1.89%, which when added to the risk-free
rate of 3.80% yields a pretax cost of debt of 5.69%. Incidentally, if KHC had not had a
rating, we could have computed an interest coverage ratio for the firm:
With this coverage ratio, we would have obtained a synthetic rating of A–, translating
into a default spread of 1.54% and a pretax cost of debt of 5.34%, in July 2023.
The final input needed to estimate the cost of debt is the tax rate. Since interest
expenses save you taxes at the margin (on your last dollar of income), the tax rate that
is relevant for this calculation is the tax rate that applies to those last dollars, or the
marginal tax rate . In the United States, where the federal corporate tax rate is 21
percent and state and local taxes add to this, the marginal tax rate for corporations in
2023 was close to 25 percent. Bringing together the risk-free rate (3.80 percent), the
default spread (1.89 percent), and the marginal tax rate of 25 percent, we estimate an
after-tax cost of debt of 4.27 percent for KHC:
Once you have estimated the costs of debt and equity, you estimate the weights for
each, based on market values (rather than book value). For publicly traded firms,
multiplying the share price by the number of shares outstanding will yield market
value of equity. Estimating the market value of debt is usually a more difficult exercise
since most firms have some debt that is not traded, and so many practitioners fall
back on using book value of debt. Using KHC again as our illustrative example, the
market values of equity ($44,756 million) and debt ($19,476 million), and our earlier
estimates of cost of equity (9.00 percent) and after-tax cost of debt (4.27 percent),
result in a cost of capital for the firm of 7.56 percent.
When valuing firms, we have a follow-up judgment to make in terms of whether these
weights will change or remain stable. If we assume that they will change, we must
specify both what the target mix for the firm will be and how soon the change will
occur. In addition, it is worth gaining perspective of where your firm's cost of capital
falls, relative to other firms in the market, and in the case of KHC, the estimated cost
of capital would put them toward the bottom quartile of US firms, which makes sense,
since they are in a business with relatively little exposure to macroeconomic risks.
Growth Rates
When confronted with the task of estimating growth, it is not surprising that analysts
turn to the past, using growth in revenues or earnings in the recent past as a predictor
of growth in the future. However, the historical growth rates for the same company
can vary, depending on computational choices: how far back to go, which measure of
earnings (net income, earnings per share, operating income) to use, and how to
compute the average (arithmetic or geometric). With KHC, for instance, the historical
growth rates are very low (1.7% in the most recent year and 1%–2% a year for the last
decade depending on the earnings measure (earnings per share, net income, or
operating income) used. Worse still, studies indicate that the relationship between
past and future growth is a very weak one, with growth dropping off significantly as
companies grow and revealing significant volatility from period to period.
Alternatively, you can draw on “experts” who know the firm better than you do—
equity research analysts who have tracked the firm for years or the managers in the
firm—and use their estimates of growth. On the plus side, these forecasters should
have access to better information than most investors do. On the minus side, neither
managers nor equity research analysts can be objective about the future; managers are
likely to overestimate their capacity to generate growth, and analysts have their own
biases. Studies indicate that analyst and management estimates of future growth,
especially for the long term, seem just as flawed as historical growth rates.
If historical growth and analyst estimates are of little value, what is the solution?
Ultimately, for a firm to grow, it has to either manage its existing investments better
(efficiency growth) or make new investments (new investment growth). In the special
case where a company's margins are stable and there is no efficiency-driven growth,
you should look at how much of its earnings a firm is reinvesting back in the business
and the return on these investments. While reinvestment  and return on investment
are generic terms, the way in which we define them will depend on whether we are
looking at equity earnings or operating income. With equity earnings, we measure
reinvestment as the portion of net income not paid out as dividends (retention ratio)
and use the return on equity to measure the quality of investment. With operating
income, we measure reinvestment as the reinvestment rate and use the return on
capital to measure investment quality. In Table 3.7 , we look at how to estimate the
sustainable growth for a firm, with stable margins, in operating income and net
income.
For many firms, the assumption that margins will stay stable is not a defensible one.
For those firms, you have to start with revenue forecasts, estimate the (changing)
operating margins over time, and tie reinvestment to your revenue changes. The ratio
that works best for this tie-in is a sales-to-invested-capital ratio, measuring the dollars
of revenues you generate, per dollar of capital invested.
Table 3.7  Estimating Sustainable Growth
Growth in
earningsHow much are you
reinvesting?How well are you
reinvesting?
Operating income =Reinvestment rate ×Return on capital (ROIC)
Net income =Retention ratio ×Return on equity (ROE)
For KHC, the reinvestment rate has been negative in the last three years, revenue
growth has been anemic, and margins are still recovering from the COVID effects of
2020. To estimate the free cash flows to the firm, we assume continued slow growth in
revenues (2% for the next five years, dropping down to 1% in stable growth) and
improvement in operating margins (from 13.72% in 2022 to 15.00% in 2027). To
estimate reinvestment, we assume that KHC's sales-to-capital ratio will converge on
the global average of 1.49 for the food processing business. The resulting free
cashflows to the firm are in Table 3.8 .
Note that the tax rate starts at the most recent year's level (20.2%) but converges over
time to the US marginal tax rate of 25%. The reinvestment in each year is computed by
looking at the change in revenue over the next year, divided by the sales-to-capital
ratio. Thus, to get reinvestment in year 1, we take the change in revenues from year 1
to year 2:
In businesses with a long lag between reinvestment and sales, we can move this
window forward, computing the reinvestment based on revenue change between years
3 and 4, for instance.
Table 3.8  Expected Free Cash Flow to Firm for KHC
 Revenue
GrowthRevenues Operating
MarginEBIT Tax
RateEBIT
× (1 −
t)Reinvestment
Base
year $26,485      
  1 2.00% $27,015 13.72% $3,707 20.20% $2,958 $363
  2 2.00% $27,555 14.23% $3,922 20.20% $3,130 $370
  3 2.00% $28,106 14.49% $4,072 20.20% $3,250 $377
  4 2.00% $28,668 14.74% $4,227 20.20% $3,373 $385
  5 2.00% $29,242 15.00% $4,386 20.20% $3,500 $393
  6 1.80% $29,768 15.00% $4,474 21.16% $3,527 $400
  7 1.60% $30,244 15.00% $4,563 22.12% $3,554 $408
  8 1.40% $30,668 15.00% $4,655 23.08% $3,580 $417
  9 1.20% $31,036 15.00% $4,748 24.04% $3,606 $425
  10 1.00% $31,346 15.00% $4,843 25.00% $3,632 $433
Terminal
year1.00% $31,659 15.00% $4,940 25.00% $3,705 $741
Terminal V alue
Publicly traded firms can, at least in theory, last forever. Given that we cannot
estimate cash flows forever, we generally impose closure in valuation models by
stopping our estimation of cash flows sometime in the future and then computing a
terminal value that reflects estimated value at that point. The two legitimate ways of
estimating terminal value are to estimate a liquidation value for the assets of the firm,
assuming that the assets are sold in the terminal year, or to estimate a going-concern
value, assuming that the firm's operations continue.
If we assume that the business will be ended in the terminal year and that its assets
will be liquidated at that time, we can estimate the proceeds from the liquidation,
using a combination of market-based numbers (for assets such as real estate that have
ready markets) and estimates. For firms that have finite lives and marketable assets,
this represents a conservative way of estimating terminal value.
If we treat the firm as a going concern at the end of the estimation period, we can
estimate the value of that concern by assuming that cash flows will grow at a constant
rate forever afterward. This perpetual growth model draws on a simple present value
equation to arrive at terminal value:
The definitions of cash flow and growth rate have to be consistent with whether we are
valuing dividends, cash flows to equity, or cash flows to the firm; the discount rate will
be the cost of equity for the first two and the cost of capital for the last. Since the
terminal value equation is sensitive to small changes and thus ripe for abuse, there are
three key constraints that should be imposed on its estimation: First, no firm can grow
forever at a rate higher than the growth rate of the economy in which it operates. In
fact, a simple rule of thumb on the stable growth rate is that it should not exceed the
risk-free rate used in the valuation; the risk-free rate is composed of expected inflation
and a real interest rate, which should equate to the nominal growth rate of the
economy in the long term. Second, as firms move from high growth to stable growth,
we need to give them the characteristics of stable growth firms; as a general rule, their
risk levels should move toward the market (beta of one) or toward industry averages,
and debt ratios should increase to industry norms. Third, a stable growth firm should
reinvest enough to sustain the assumed growth rate. Given the relationship between
growth, reinvestment rate, and returns that we established in the section on expected
growth rates, we can estimate this reinvestment rate:
Thus, the effect on the terminal value of increasing the growth rate will be partially or
completely offset by the loss in cash flows because of the higher reinvestment rate.
Whether value increases or decreases as the stable growth rate increases will entirely
depend on what you assume about the return on investment. If the return on capital
(equity) is higher than the cost of capital (equity) in the stable growth period,
increasing the stable growth rate will increase value; the difference between the two is
termed an excess return. If the return on capital is equal to the stable period cost of
capital, increasing the stable growth rate will have no effect on value . The key
assumption in the terminal value computation is not what growth rate you use in the
valuation but what excess returns accompany that growth rate. There are some
analysts who believe that zero excess return is the only sustainable assumption for
stable growth since no firm can maintain competitive advantages forever. In practice,
though, firms with strong and sustainable competitive advantages can maintain excess
returns, though at fairly modest levels, for very long time periods.
Using KHC, we assumed that the firm would be in stable growth after the fifth year
and grow 1% a year forever (set well below the risk-free rate, as we expect the
company's products and consumers to age). As the growth declines after year 10, we
adjust the cost of capital slightly, moving it from 7.56% to 7.50%. That adjustment is
small, since KHC is already a mature firm, but would be much larger for a higher
growth firm. The reinvestment rate in stable growth is changed to reflect the
assumption that KHC will be able to earn a return on capital of 10%, higher than its
cost of capital of 7.50%, because of enduring brand name pricing power.
The resulting terminal value at the end of year 10 is $ 49,316 million.
Table 3.9  Value of Operating Assets at KHC
Year FCFF Terminal
valueCost of
capitalDiscounting
computationDiscount
factorPV
 1 $2,595 7.56% 1/1.0756 0.9297 $2,413
 2 $2,760 7.56% 1/1.07562 0.8643 $2,385
 3 $2,872 7.56% 1/1.07563 0.8035 $2,308
 4 $2,988 7.56% 1/1.07564 0.7470 $2,232
 5 $3,108 7.56% 1/1.07565 0.6945 $2,186
 6 $3,127 7.55% 1/(1.07565 × 1.0755) 0.6457 $1,067
 7 $3,146 7.54% 1/(1.07565 × 1.0755 × 
1.0754)0.6005 $1,951
 8 $3,164 7.53% 1/(1.07565 × 1.0755 × 
1.0754 × 1.0753)0.5584 $1,838
 9 $3,182 7.51% 1/(1.07565 × 1.0755 × 
1.0754 × 1.0753 × 
1.0751)0.5194 $1,729
10 $3,199 $49,316 7.50% 1/(1.07565 × 1.0755 × 
1.0754 × 1.0753 × 1.0751 
× 1.075)0.4832 $25,530
Value of Operating Assets = $44,538
Discounting this terminal value and the cash flows from Table 3.3  at the cost of capital
yields a value of $44,538 million for operating assets. Since the cost of capital is
changing after year 5, we should account for that effect when computing present
value. Table 3.9  summarizes the present value computations.
In this case, the effect of computing a cumulative cost of capital rather than
discounting back at that year's cost of capital is minor, but it will become significant
for companies where costs of capital change significantly over time.
Tying Up Loose Ends
Discounting cash flows at the risk-adjusted rates gives an estimate of value, but how
do you get to value per share? If you discounted dividends or free cash flows to equity
on a per-share basis at the cost of equity, you have your estimate of value per share. If
you discounted cash flows to the firm, you have four adjustments to make to get to
value per share:
1. Add back the cash balance of the firm:  Since free cash flow to the firm is based on
operating income, you have not considered the income from cash or incorporated
it into value.
2. Adjust for cross holdings:  Add back the values of small (minority) holdings that
you have in other companies; the income from these holdings was not included in
your cash flow. If you have a majority stake in another company, the requirement
that you consolidate and report 100 percent of the subsidiary's operating income
as your own will create minority interests , the accounting estimate of the portion
of the subsidiary that does not belong to you. You must subtract out the estimated
market value of the minority interest from your consolidated firm value.
3. Subtract debt and other potential liabilities:  Since the value of equity is net of
debt, you should subtract out all interest-bearing debt, short and long term. If you
have underfunded pension or health care obligations or ongoing lawsuits that
may generate large liabilities, you have to estimate a value and subtract it out.
4. Deal with stock-based compensation residue:  The expenses associated with
stock-based compensation should be treated like any other operating expense and
reduce operating income. When the stock-based compensation takes the form of
options, analysts often use shortcuts (such as adjusting the number of shares for
dilution) to deal with these options. The right approach is to value the options
(using option pricing models) and reduce the value of equity by the option value.
5. Share count:  To get to value per share, you should divide by the actual share
count today, including any restricted stock  that may have been issued as part of
management compensation. You should not adjust this count for expected future
share issuances , since that should be already incorporated in the intrinsic value;
the negative cash flows that give rise to these stock issuances reduce the value you
attach to the firm today.
With KHC, we add the cash balance to, and subtract out the debt outstanding and the
estimated value of management options outstanding from, the value of the operating
assets to generate a value of equity for KHC of $27,376 million.
If you divide by 1,235 million—the number of shares outstanding at the time—the
result is a value of $20.60 per share.
What Do These Models Tell Us?
What if the intrinsic value that you derive, from your estimates of cash flows and risk,
is very different from the market price? There are three possible explanations. One is
that you have made erroneous or unrealistic assumptions about a company's future
growth potential or riskiness. A second and related explanation is that you have made
incorrect assessments of risk premiums for the entire market. A third is that the
market price is wrong and that you are right in your value assessment. Even in the last
scenario, there is no guarantee that you can make money from your valuations. For
that to occur, markets have to correct their mistakes, and that may not happen in the
near future. In fact, you can buy stocks that you believe are undervalued and find
them become more undervalued over time. That is why a long time horizon is almost a
prerequisite for using intrinsic valuation models. Giving the market more time (say
three to five years) to fix its mistakes provides better odds than hoping that it will
happen in the next quarter or the next six months.
The intrinsic value per share of $20.60 that we derived for KHC in July 2023 was
much lower than the stock price of $36 at the time. The stock looks overvalued, but
that judgment is a function of the low growth rates that we forecast for the company.
It is conceivable that younger consumers may rediscover a taste for ketchup and
liquefied cheese that will allow the company to move back to a higher growth path and
a higher value. In fact, we can get a sense of what KHC must deliver to be able to
justify the current market price by varying revenue growth and operating margin
assumptions in Table 3.10 .
The shaded cells in the table indicate values that exceed the market price of $36, and
as can be seen, KHC would need to deliver a combination of much higher revenue
growth and operating margins than we have assumed in our base case valuation.
Table 3.10  Revenue Growth, Margins, and Value per Share for KHC
Target Operating Margin (in year 5)
12% 14% 16% 18% 20%
Revenue Growth Rate (Years 1–5)  0%$12.15 $16.06 $19.96 $23.87 $27.77
 2%$13.97 $18.39 $22.82 $27.24 $31.66
 4%$15.95 $20.96 $25.96 $30.97 $35.97
 6%$18.12 $23.78 $29.43 $35.09 $40.74
 8%$20.51 $26.88 $33.26 $39.64 $46.01
10% $23.11 $30.30 $37.48 $44.66 $51.84
It's All in the Intrinsic Value!
The intrinsic value of a company reflects its fundamentals. Estimates of cash flows,
growth, and risk are all embedded in that value, and it should have baked into it all of
the other qualitative factors that are often linked to high value, such as a great
management team, superior technology, and a long-standing brand name. There is no
need for garnishing in a well-done intrinsic valuation.
Chapter Four
It's All Relative!: Determining Relative Value
IF CISCO (CSCO) IS TRADING AT 17 TIMES EARNINGS, Apple
(AAPL) has a PE ratio of 21, and Microsoft (MSFT) is priced at 11
times earnings, which stock offers the best deal? Is Cisco cheaper
than Apple? Is Microsoft a bargain compared to both Apple and
Cisco? Are they even similar companies? Relative valuation is all
about comparing how the market prices different companies, with
the intent of finding bargains.
In relative valuation, you price an asset based on how similar assets
are priced in the market. A prospective house buyer decides how
much to pay for a house by looking at the prices paid for similar
houses in the neighborhood. In the same vein, a potential investor in
Twitter's IPO (initial public offering) in 2013 could have estimated
its value by looking at the market pricing of other social media
companies. The three essential steps in relative valuation are:
1. Find comparable assets that are priced by the market;
2. Scale the market prices to a common variable to generate
standardized prices that are comparable across assets; and
3. Adjust for differences across assets when comparing their
standardized values. A newer house with more updated
amenities should be priced higher than a similar-sized older
house that needs renovation, and a higher growth company
should trade at a higher price than a lower growth company in
the same sector.
Pricing can be done with less information and much more quickly
than intrinsic valuations, and it is more likely to reflect the market
mood of the moment. Not surprisingly, most of what passes for
valuation in investment banking and portfolio management is really
pricing.
Standardized Values and Multiples
Comparing assets that are not exactly similar can be a challenge. If
you were to compare the prices of two buildings of different sizes in
the same location, the smaller building will look cheaper unless you
control for the size difference by computing the price per square foot.
When comparing publicly traded stocks across companies, the price
per share of a stock is a function both of the value of the equity in a
company and the number of shares outstanding in the firm. To
compare the pricing of “similar” firms in the market, the market
value of a company can be standardized relative to how much it
earns, its accounting book value, to revenue generated, or to a
measure specific to a firm or sector (number of customers,
subscribers, units, and so on). When estimating market value, you
have three choices:
1. Market value of equity:  The price per share or market
capitalization.
2. Market value of firm:  The sum of the market values of both debt
and equity.
3. Market value of operating assets or enterprise value:  The sums
of the market values of debt and equity but with cash netted out
of the value.
When measuring earnings and book value, you can again measure
them from the perspective only of equity investors or of both debt
and equity (firm). Thus, earnings per share and net income are
earnings to equity, whereas operating income measures earnings to
the firm. The shareholders' equity on a balance sheet is book value of
equity; the book value of the entire business includes debt; and the
book value of invested capital is that book value, net of cash. To
provide a few illustrations: you can divide the market value of equity
by the net income in order to estimate the PE ratio (measuring how
much equity investors are paying per dollar of earnings) or divide
enterprise value by EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation, and amortization) to get a sense of the market value of
operating assets relative to operating cash flow. The central reason
for standardizing, though, does not change. We want to compare
these numbers across companies.
In making those comparisons, we face two more challenges. The first
is in determining what constitutes a comparable firm, with the
simplest version focusing on firms in the “same” industry grouping
or business and the more complex versions screening for companies
of similar size, growth, and risk. The second is in controlling for
differences that persist across these comparable firms on growth,
risk, and cash flows, with the intent of explaining whether the
company you are pricing is under- or overpriced relative to
comparable firms. Figure 4.1  summarizes the pricing process.
Four Keys to Using Multiples
Multiples are easy to use and easy to misuse. There are four basic
steps to using multiples wisely and detecting misuse in the hands of
others, starting with making sure that they are defined consistently,
and then moving on to looking at their distributional characteristics
and the variables that determine their values, and concluding with
using them in comparisons across firms.
Figure 4.1  The Pricing Process
Deﬁnitional T ests
Even the simplest multiples are defined and computed differently by
different analysts. A PE ratio for a company can be computed using
earnings from the last fiscal year (current PE), the last four quarters
(trailing PE), or the next four quarters (forward), yielding very
different estimates. It can also vary depending on whether you use
diluted or primary earnings. The first test to run on a multiple is to
examine whether the numerator and denominator are defined
consistently. If the numerator is an equity value, then the
denominator should be an equity value as well. If the numerator is a
firm value, then the denominator should be a firm value as well. To
illustrate, the PE ratio is a consistently defined multiple since the
numerator is the price per share (which is an equity value) and the
denominator is earnings per share (which is also an equity value). So
is the enterprise value to EBITDA multiple since the numerator and
denominator are both measures of operating assets; the enterprise
value measures the market value of the operating assets of a
company, and the EBITDA is the cash flow generated by the
operating assets. In contrast, the price-to-sales ratio and price to
EBITDA are not consistently defined since they divide the market
value of equity by an operating measure. Using these multiples will
lead you to finding any firm with a significant debt burden to be
cheap.
For comparisons across companies, the multiple has to be defined
uniformly across all of the firms in the group. Thus, if the trailing PE
is used for one firm, it must be used for all of the others as well, and
the trailing earnings per share has to be computed the same way for
all firms in the sample. With both earnings and book value measures,
differences in accounting standards can result in very different
earnings and book value numbers for similar firms. Even with the
same accounting standards governing companies, there can be
differences in firms that arise because of discretionary accounting
choices.
Descriptive T ests
When using multiples to value companies, we generally lack a sense
of what constitutes a high or a low value with that multiple. To get
this perspective, start with the summary statistics—the average and
standard deviation for that multiple. Table 4.1  summarizes key
statistics for four widely used multiples in January 2023.
Table 4.1 Summary Statistics on Multiples—Across US
Stocks in January 2023
Current
PEPrice to Book
EquityEV/EBITDA EV/Sales
Mean 109.25 12.40 323.31 89.04
Standard
error34.10 2.18 82.27 18.91
Median 13.92 1.59 13.30 2.70
Skewness 37.69 26.22 34.25 31.13
Maximum 86,400.00 5423.08 200,504.27 57,792.67
If the averages, across US stocks, for these multiples look high, it is
because the lowest value for any of these multiples is zero and the
highest can be huge, and the distributions for these multiples are
skewed toward the positive values, as evidenced by the distribution
of PE ratios of US companies in January 2023, as shown in Figure
4.2.
The key lesson from this distribution should be that using the
average as a comparison measure can be dangerous with any
multiple. It makes far more sense to focus on the median. The
median PE ratio in January 2023 was about 13.92, well below the
average PE of 109.25 reported in Table 4.1 , and this is true for all
multiples. A stock that trades at 18 times earnings in January 2023 is
not cheap, even though it trades at less than the average. To prevent
outliers from skewing numbers, data reporting services that compute
and report average values for multiples either throw out outliers
when computing the averages or constrain the multiples to be less
than or equal to a fixed number. The consequence is that averages
reported by two services will almost never match up because they
deal with outliers differently.
Figure 4.2 PE Ratio Distribution: US Stocks in January
2023
With every multiple, there are firms for which the multiple cannot be
computed. Consider again the PE ratio. When the earnings per share
are negative, the price/earnings ratio for a firm is not meaningful
and is usually not reported. When looking at the average
price/earnings ratio across a group of firms, the firms with negative
earnings will all drop out of the sample because the price/earnings
ratio cannot be computed. Why should this matter when the sample
is large? The fact that the firms that are taken out of the sample are
the firms losing money implies that the average PE ratio for the
group will be biased upward because of the elimination of these
firms. Generally, you should be skeptical about any multiple that
results in a significant reduction in the number of firms being
analyzed.
Table 4.2  PE Ratios across Time: 2004–2023
Year Median PE % with PE Year Median PE % with PE
2004 20.76 58.0% 2014 20.88 43.15%
2005 23.21 56.0% 2015 16.77 41.88%
2006 22.40 57.0% 2016 18.53 44.71%
2007 21.21 58.0% 2017 21.57 41.96%
2008 18.16 56.0% 2018 23.13 40.78%
2009  9.80 54.0% 2019 18.61 41.13%
2010 14.92 49.0% 2020 18.49 41.63%
2011 15.18 51.5% 2021 18.15 36.77%
2012 15.94 58.7% 2022 13.09 35.86%
2013 16.38 42.4% 2023 13.92 43.25%
Finally, multiples change over time for the entire market and for
individual sectors. To provide a measure of how much multiples can
change over time, Table 4.2  reports the median PE ratios for US
stocks from 2004 to 2023.
A stock with a PE of 15 would have been cheap in 2008 but expensive
in 2009. In the table, we note the percentage of firms in the overall
sample for which we were able to compute PE ratios. Each year, we
lose roughly half of all firms in the sample because they have
negative earnings, and the percent of firms with PE ratios has
declined in the last decade even as the median PE ratio has risen
from 2008 lows.
Why do multiples change over time? Some of the change can be
attributed to fundamentals. As interest rates and economic growth
shift over time, the pricing of stocks will change to reflect these
shifts; lower interest rates, for instance, played a key role in the rise
of earnings multiples through the post-2008 time period. Some of
the change, though, comes from changes in market perception of
risk. As investors become more risk averse, which tends to happen
during recessions, multiples paid for stocks will decrease.
From a practical standpoint, what are the consequences? The first is
that comparisons of multiples across time are fraught with danger.
For instance, the common practice of branding a market to be under-
or overvalued based on comparing the PE ratio today to historical PE
ratios will lead to misleading judgments when interest rates are
higher or lower than historical norms. The second is that relative
valuations have short shelf lives. A stock may look cheap relative to
comparable companies today, but that assessment can shift
dramatically over the next few months. Finally, rules of thumb about
what constitutes a low or a high PE ratio that stay constant in
absolute terms will break down when the distribution of PE ratios
changes over time.
Analytical T ests
You make just as many assumptions when you do a relative valuation
as you do in a discounted cash flow valuation. The difference is that
the assumptions in a relative valuation are implicit and unstated,
whereas those in discounted cash flow valuation are explicit and
stated. In the intrinsic valuation chapter, we observed that the value
of a firm is a function of three variables—its capacity to generate cash
flows, its expected growth in these cash flows, and the uncertainty
associated with these cash flows. Every multiple, whether it is of
earnings, revenues, or book value, is a function of the same three
variables—risk, growth, and cash flow generating potential.
Intuitively, firms with higher growth rates, less risk, and greater cash
flow generating potential should trade at higher multiples than firms
with lower growth, higher risk, and less cash flow potential. To look
under the hood, so to speak, of equity and firm value multiples, we
can go back to simple discounted cash flow models for equity and
firm value and use them to derive the multiples.
In the simplest discounted cash flow model for equity, which is a
stable growth dividend discount model, the value of equity is:
Dividing both sides of this equation by the net income, we obtain the
discounted cash flow equation specifying the PE ratio for a stable
growth firm.
where the payout ratio is the dividend divided by net income.
The key determinants of the PE ratio are the expected growth rate in
earnings per share, the cost of equity, and the payout ratio. Other
things remaining equal, we would expect h igher growth, lower risk,
and higher payout ratio firms to trade at higher multiples of
earnings  than firms without these characteristics. Dividing both
sides of the equation by the book value of equity, we get the
price/book value ratio for a stable growth firm,
where ROE is the return on equity (net income/book value of equity)
and is the only variable in addition to the three that determine PE
ratios (growth rate, cost of equity, and payout) that affects price-to-
book equity. While all of these computations are based on a stable
growth dividend discount model, the conclusions hold even when we
look at companies with high growth potential and with other equity
valuation models.
We can do a similar analysis to derive the firm value multiples. The
value of a firm in stable growth can be written as:
Since the free cash flow of the firm is the after-tax operating income
netted against the net capital expenditures and working capital needs
of the firm, this can be rewritten as follows:
Dividing both sides of this equation by sales, and defining the after-
tax operating margin as after-tax operating income divided by sales,
yields the following:
Table 4.3  summarizes the multiples and the key variables that
determine each multiple, with the sign of the relationship in brackets
next to each variable: 
  indicates that an increase in this variable will
increase the multiple, whereas 
  indicates that an increase in this
variable will decrease the multiple, holding all else constant.
Table 4.3  Fundamentals Determining Multiples
Multiple Fundamental determinants
PE ratio Expected growth(
 ), payout(
 ), risk(
 )
Price-to-book-
equity ratioExpected growth(
 ), payout(
 ), risk(
 ), ROE(
)
Price-to-sales ratio Expected growth(
 ), payout(
 ), risk(
 ), net
margin(
 )
EV to FCFF Cost of capital(
 ), growth rate(
 )
EV to EBITDA Expected growth(
 ), reinvestment rate(
 ), risk(
), ROC(
 ), tax rate(
 )
EV-to-capital ratio Expected growth(
 ), reinvestment rate(
 ), risk(
), ROC(
 )
EV to sales Expected growth(
 ), reinvestment rate(
 ), risk(
), operating margin(
 )
Table 4.4  Valuation Mismatches
Multiple Companion
variableMismatch indicator for
undervalued company
PE ratio Expected growth Low PE ratio with high expected
growth rate in earnings per share
P/BV ratio ROE Low P/BV ratio with high ROE
P/S ratio Net margin Low P/S ratio with high net profit
margin
EV/EBITDA Reinvestment rate Low EV/EBITDA ratio with low
reinvestment needs
EV/Capital Return on capital Low EV/Capital ratio with high
return on capital
EV/Sales After-tax
operating marginLow EV/Sales ratio with high
after-tax operating margin
Notwithstanding the fact that each multiple is determined by many
variables, there is a single variable that dominates when it comes to
explaining each multiple (and it is not the same variable for every
multiple). This variable is called the companion variable  and is key
to finding undervalued stocks. In Table 4.4 , the companion variables
and mismatches are identified for six multiples.
Application T ests
Multiples tend to be used in conjunction with comparable firms to
determine the value of a firm or its equity. A comparable firm is one
with cash flows, growth potential, and risk similar to the firm being
valued. Nowhere in this definition is there a component that relates
to the industry or sector to which a firm belongs. Thus, a
telecommunications firm can be compared to a software firm if the
two are identical in terms of cash flows, growth, and risk. In most
analyses, however, analysts define comparable firms to be other
firms in the firm's business or businesses. As an illustrative example,
in 2009, if you were trying to value Todhunter International and
Hansen Natural, two beverage companies, you would compare them
to other beverage companies on pricing (PE ratios) and
fundamentals (growth and risk).
If there are enough firms in the industry to allow for it, this list can
be pruned further using other criteria; for instance, only firms of
similar size may be considered. No matter how carefully we construct
our list of comparable firms, we will end up with firms that are
different from the firm we are valuing. There are three ways of
controlling for these differences, and we will use the beverage sector
to illustrate each one.
In the first, the analyst compares the multiple it trades at to the
average computed; if it is significantly different, the analyst can
make a subjective judgment about whether the firm's individual
characteristics (growth, risk, or cash flows) may explain the
difference. In Table 4.5 , for instance, Todhunter trades at a PE of
8.94, much lower than other beverage companies, but it also has
much lower expected growth. Hansen Natural also looks cheap, with
a PE of 9.70, but its stock has been very volatile. If, in the judgment
of the analyst, the difference in PE cannot be explained by
fundamentals (low growth or high risk), the firm will be viewed as
undervalued. The weakness in this approach is not that analysts are
called upon to make subjective judgments but that the judgments are
often based on little more than guesswork.
Table 4.5  Beverage Companies in the US in March 2009
Company
nameTrailing
PEExpected
growth in EPSStandard
deviation in stock
prices
Andres Wines
Ltd. “A”  8.96   3.50% 24.70%
Anheuser-Busch 24.31 11.00% 22.92%
Boston Beer “A” 10.59 17.13% 39.58%
Brown-Forman
‘B'10.07 11.50% 29.43%
Chalone Wine
Group Ltd.21.76 14.00% 24.08%
Coca-Cola 44.33 19.00% 35.51%
Coca-Cola
Bottling29.18 9.50% 20.58%
Coca-Cola
Enterprises37.14 27.00% 51.34%
Coors (Adolph)
“B”23.02 10.00% 29.52%
Corby
Distilleries Ltd.16.24 7.50% 23.66%
Hansen Natural
Corp.  9.70 17.00% 62.45%
Molson Inc. Ltd.
“A”43.65 15.50% 21.88%
Mondavi
(Robert) “A”16.47 14.00% 45.84%
PepsiCo, Inc. 33.00 10.50% 31.35%
Todhunter Int'l 8.94 3.00% 25.74%
Whitman Corp. 25.19 11.50% 44.26%
Average 22.66 12.60% 33.30%
Median 22.39 11.50% 29.48%
In the second approach, we modify the multiple to take into account
the most important variable determining it—the companion variable.
To provide an illustration, analysts who compare PE ratios across
companies with very different growth rates often divide the PE ratio
by the expected growth rate in EPS to determine a growth-adjusted
PE ratio, or the PEG ratio. Going back to Table 4.5 , take a look at
Todhunter and Hansen, relative to other beverage companies:
Hansen continues to look cheap, on a PEG ratio, relative to the
sector, but Todhunter, with a PEG ratio of 2.98 (8.94/3), now looks
expensive. There are two implicit assumptions that we make when
using these modified multiples. The first is that these firms are all of
equivalent risk, a problem for Hansen, which looks riskier than the
other companies in the sector. The other is that growth and PE move
proportionately; for example, when growth doubles, PE ratios double
as well. If this assumption does not hold up and PE ratios do not
increase proportionally to growth, companies with high growth rates
will look cheap on a PEG ratio basis.
When there is more than one variable to adjust for, when comparing
across companies, there are statistical techniques that offer promise.
In a multiple regression, for instance, we attempt to explain a
dependent variable (such as PE or EV/EBITDA) by using
independent variables (such as growth and risk) that we believe
influence the dependent variable. Regressions offer two advantages
over the subjective approach. First, the output from the regression
gives us a measure of how strong the relationship is between the
multiple and the variable(s) being used. Second, unlike the modified
multiple approach, where we were able to control for differences on
only one variable, a regression can be extended to allow for more
than one variable and even for cross-effects across these variables.
Applying this technique to the beverage company data in Table 4.5 ,
PE ratios were regressed against expected growth and risk (standard
deviation in stock prices) as shown here:
The R-squared indicates that 51 percent of the differences across
beverage companies in PE ratios is explained by differences in our
measures of growth and risk. The t-statistics, in brackets below the
coefficients, indicate that standard deviation and expected growth
are statistically significant explainers of differences in PE ratios in
the beverage sector in 2009. Finally, the regression itself can be used
to get predicted PE ratios for the companies in the list. Thus, the
predicted PE ratios for Todhunter and Hansen based on their
expected growth and risk measures are as follows:
These are risk- and growth-adjusted forecasts, and both companies
look undervalued, albeit by less than our initial comparison would
have suggested.
Asset-based Valuation/Pricing
There is a variant on pricing that is offered by some as an alternative
approach to valuation, though we do not think it qualifies, and that is
to value the assets owned by a company, before cumulating that
value to arrive at its aggregate valuation. Thus, with a company that
owns five real estate properties, you could value each of the
properties and add them up to arrive at company value. With a
publicly traded company, this may take the form of valuing each
balance sheet asset and then aggregating these values or breaking the
company down, by geography or business, and valuing the sum of
the parts.
The reason that we do not treat this as a different valuation approach
is because the value you attach to a balance sheet asset or a division
of a company must come from either doing an intrinsic valuation of
that asset or division or, as is more often the case, pricing that asset
or division by looking at what others are paying for similar assets
(divisions). To estimate the intrinsic value of assets or divisions, you
will need information at the asset or division level that will allow you
to estimate cash flows, growth, and risk from that asset or division.
Intrinsic vs. Relative Value (Pricing)
The two approaches to valuation—intrinsic and relative valuation—
will generally yield different estimates of value for the same firm at
the same point in time. It is even possible for one approach to
generate the result that the stock is undervalued while the other
concludes that it is overvalued. In early 2000, for instance, a
discounted cash flow valuation of Amazon.com  suggested that it was
significantly overvalued, whereas valuing relative to other Internet
companies at the same time yielded the opposite conclusion.
Furthermore, even within relative valuation, we can arrive at
different estimates of value depending on which multiple we use and
what firms we based the relative valuation on.
The differences in value between discounted cash flow valuation and
relative valuation come from different views of market efficiency or
inefficiency. In discounted cash flow valuation, we assume that
markets make mistakes, that they correct these mistakes over time,
and that these mistakes can often occur across entire sectors or even
the entire market. In relative valuation, we assume that while
markets make mistakes on individual stocks, they are correct on
average. In other words, when we value a new software company
relative to other small software companies, we are assuming that the
market has priced these companies correctly, on average, even
though it might have made mistakes in the pricing of each of them
individually. Thus, a stock may be overvalued on a discounted cash
flow basis but undervalued on a relative basis if the firms used for
comparison in the relative valuation are all overpriced by the market.
The reverse would occur if an entire sector or market were
underpriced.
The question of whether intrinsic valuation or pricing is a better
approach to putting a number on an asset really misses the point,
since which approach you use will be determined by your philosophy
about investments. If you believe that every cash flow generating
asset has an intrinsic value and that the market price will correct to
that intrinsic value sooner or later, you are an investor and you
should try to estimate intrinsic value. If, on the other hand, you feel
that intrinsic value is an illusion, with no guarantee that the market
will ever adjust to it, you are a trader, and your focus will be on
pricing  assets, rather than valuing them. Markets need both
investors and traders, the former to search out information and look
for market mistakes and the latter to provide liquidity.
Einstein Was Right
In relative valuation or pricing, we estimate the value of an asset by
looking at how similar assets are priced. While the allure of multiples
remains their simplicity, the key to using them wisely remains
finding comparable firms and adjusting for differences between the
firms on growth, risk, and cash flows. Einstein was right about
relativity, but even he would have had a difficult time applying
relative valuation in today's stock markets.
Chapter Five
Stories and Numbers: Narrative, Value, and Price
AFTER READING THE LAST two chapters on value and price, you may have
concluded that both valuation and pricing are driven by numbers alone, but
you would be wrong. In this chapter, we will argue that there is a story behind
the numbers in the valuation and pricing of a company and that the key to
valuing companies well is being able to craft plausible business stories and
connecting these stories to the numbers you use in your valuation. In this
chapter, we will begin by explaining how valuations connect stories to
numbers and then describing the process of telling a business story, checking
that story for reasonableness, and converting that story into valuation inputs
and value.
Valuation as a Bridge
A good valuation is a bridge between stories and numbers, connecting a story
about a business to inputs into a valuation, and by extension, to value. That
process is encapsulated in Figure 5.1 .
Put simply, a compilation of numbers in a spreadsheet or a model will give you
a financial model, not a valuation, and a story about the prospects for a
business, no matter how soaring and compelling, may just be a fairytale. For a
valuation to be rooted in reality, every number in your valuation, measuring
growth, risk, or profitability, has to have a story that explains it, and every
story that you tell about your company, from brand name to management
quality, has to have a number that backs it up.
Figure 5.1  Valuation as a Bridge
Viewing valuation as a bridge between stories and numbers also brings into
focus what you need to bring into the process to be able to value companies.
For your valuations to make sense and become the basis for your actions, you
must be either a disciplined storyteller or an imaginative number cruncher. If
your strength is working with numbers, your task, if you want to value
companies, should be getting more comfortable working with qualitative
factors and ultimately bringing them into your numbers. If you are more
drawn to storytelling, you must work on getting comfortable enough with
numbers so that you can convert your stories into valuation inputs.
From Story to Numbers: The Process
In this section, we will lay out the sequence that we use to convert stories to
numbers, in a valuation. Note, though, that this sequence is not set in stone
and that you could find a variant that works for you better, with the end game
being a melding of narrative with numbers.
Step 1: Construct a Business Story
The first step is coming up with a valuation story that you believe best fits the
company you are valuing. This, however, requires that you do your homework,
understanding your company and its products, the market it competes in and
the competitors it faces. In making this assessment, you can draw on the
following:
The company's business:  One of the most crucial components in
constructing a business story for a company is identifying the business it
is in, and while this may seem obvious, it is more difficult than it looks.
For instance, when asked what business Facebook is in, many would
respond social media, but social media is a platform for delivering other
businesses, not a business by itself. Facebook, at least in 2023, generated
almost all of its revenues from advertising, and assuming that they will
stay in advertising will frame your story for Facebook.
The company's financial history:  In framing your story for a company,
you should look at its financial history, not because you believe that past
is prologue but because assuming that history (in terms of past growth
and profitability) will repeat itself is a story that needs justification, as is
assuming a break from history (for example, from high to low growth or
from being money losing to money making). As we will see in the coming
chapters, one reason analysts have trouble valuing young companies and
start-ups is an absence of history.
Total market history and growth:  The history of growth in the total
market for the company's products and services with assessments for
growth in the future is a key determinant of your company story. It is
easier to tell a story of high growth when you are a company in a growing
market (NVIDIA in the AI chips business in 2023) than if you are one in a
stagnant or declining market (Coca Cola with soft drinks and Altria with
tobacco in 2023).
The competition:  While being in a growing market gives you a tailwind, if
you are a company in that market, you will face competition, and history
is full of companies that crash and burn in growing markets. In crafting
your company's story, you need to think about the competitive advantages
that your company possesses (or does not possess) and how these will
evolve over time. Companies that operate in businesses that have few or
no competitive barriers to entry will find themselves working harder to
deliver growth, and their business stories will have to reflect this
constraint.
The macroeconomy:  To the extent that companies and industries are
exposed to macroeconomic risk, your story will have to incorporate what
you see occurring on that front. Thus, if you are valuing a cyclical
company, your assessment of the economy may become part of your
company's story, and with an oil company, what you think about the
future course of oil prices will be a key part of your company story.
As you craft a business story for your company, it is worth reminding yourself
that you are not a creative novelist and that you are creating a foundation for a
valuation. Consequently, you should aim to do the following:
Keep it simple:  When telling business stories for companies, it is easy to
get distracted by strands of these stories that may be interesting but that
have little relevance for value. The most powerful business stories in
valuation tend to be compact, boiling the company down to its core. In
our valuations of Amazon from 1997 to 2012, our core story for Amazon
was that it was a Field of Dreams  company, built around the belief that if
you build it (revenues), they (profits) will come, and in our valuations
after 2013, the story shifted to that of a Disruption Machine , a company
that would go after any business that it felt had soft spots that could be
exploited by a more efficient and patient player.
Keep it focused:  No matter what business you are valuing, the end game,
for it to be valuable, is that it must make money. In short, a business
story, even if it is not money making now, must include pathways to make
money in the future.
The company that we will use to illustrate this process is Zomato, an Indian
restaurant-delivery company, at the time of its initial public offering in 2021.
At the time of the IPO, Zomato had modest revenues and big operating losses,
but it had a significant market share of the Indian restaurant delivery market,
with two major competitors (Zwiggy and Amazon Foods). Building a story for
Zomato requires an understanding of the Indian restaurant delivery market
and its potential for growth. In Table 5.1 , we looked at the size of the Indian
restaurant food delivery market, relative to the US, the EU, and China.
Table 5.1  Restaurant Food Delivery Markets (in US$) in 2020
 India China United
StatesEU
General     
GDP in 2020 (in trillions
of US$)$2.71 $14.70 $20.93 $15.17
Population (millions) 1360 1430 330 445
Per capita GDP $1,993 $10,280 $63,424 $34,090
Number of restaurants
(in 000s)1000 9000 660 890
Food Delivery     
Online access (percent) 43% 63% 88% 90%
Online food delivery
users (millions)50.00 450.00 105.00 150.00
Online food delivery
market ($ million) in
2019$4,200.00 $90,000.00 $21,000.00 $15,000.00
Online food delivery
market ($ million) in
2020$2,900.00 $110,000.00 $49,000.00 $13,800.00
As you can see, the Indian food delivery market lags the other three markets in
size and per-capita usage, but some of that difference can be attributed to
differences in wealth (India's lower GDP) and Internet service (since Zomato's
delivery is through a phone app). Some of it can also be attributed to cultural
differences, with Indians less likely to eat out at restaurants than their
American and Chinese counterparts.
Our story for Zomato includes components that relate to the country and
trends in restaurant eating in India:
The Indian food delivery/restaurant market will grow, as Indians become
more prosperous and have increased online access, to reach $25 billion
(₹1,800–₹2,000 billion) in 10 years.
The market will continue to be dominated by two or three large players,
albeit with lots of localized and niche competitors, and they will continue
to command a significant slice of the market. Zomato will be one of the
winners/survivors and will have a market share of 40% of the total Indian
restaurant-delivery market.
Zomato's revenues represent the percent of the gross orders placed on
that platform that accrue to the company. While that number was 23.13%
of gross orders in 2020 and 21.03% in 2021, we will assume that share
will converge on 22% in future years as the delivery market matures and
competition takes form.
The biggest expenses at intermediary businesses such as Zomato, which
connect customers with businesses, are often on customer acquisition and
marketing, and as growth scales down, these expenses should decrease as
a percent of revenues, delivering a profitability bonus. We will assume
that pretax operating margins will trend toward 30%, largely because we
believe that the market will be dominated by a few big players, but with
the very real possibility that one rogue player that is unwilling to play the
game can upend profitability.
Zomato's reinvestment, to generate revenue growth, will be investments
in technology and in acquisitions, and this need will continue in the near
future, with a lightening up in later years, as growth declines.
In terms of operating risk, the company, despite its global ambitions, is
still primarily an Indian company, dependent on Indian macroeconomic
growth to succeed, and our rupee cost of capital will incorporate the
country risk.
Zomato is a money-losing company, but it is not a start-up. On the plus
side, its size and access to capital, as well as its post-IPO augmented cash
balance, push down the risk of failure. On the minus side, this is a
company that is still burning through cash and will need access to capital
in future years to continue to survive. Overall, we will attach a likelihood
of failure of 10%, reflecting this balance.
In effect, in our story, Zomato remains primarily a restaurant delivery
business, with supplemental income coming from its forays into grocery
deliveries and health products.
Step 2: The 3P  Test
Once you have constructed a business story for your company, you must stop
and check to see whether your story passes what we call the 3P test, i.e. Is it
possible? Is it plausible? Is it probable? We capture the differences between
the three tests in Figure 5.2 .
As you go from possible to plausible to probable, you are making the tests
more stringent, requiring more compelling explanations or more data from the
storyteller. The “possibility” test is the weakest of the three, requiring only that
you show that there is some pathway that exists for your story to hold and that
it is not a fairy-tale. The “plausibility” test is stronger and requires evidence
that you have succeeded, at least on a smaller scale (a market test, a
geography), with your business. The “probability” test is the most difficult one
since you must show that your business story can scale up and that your
barriers to entry work.
For companies with long histories in a business and established track records,
passing the 3P test is easy if you assume that they will continue in the same
business. Assuming that Coca Cola will grow at the same rate as the soft-drink
beverage market or that Altria will see shrinkage in revenues, as cigarette
smoking continues to decline, is unlikely to get pushback, but a story of Coca
Cola transitioning to become an alcohol company or Altria expanding into
cannabis will require more explanation and a stronger backing.
Figure 5.2  Valuation Stories—The 3P Test
With Zomato, it was a more challenging test, since it is growing a disruptive
delivery model in a market (Indian restaurant delivery) that is itself evolving
and growing. Building the Zomato story around restaurant food delivery
makes it easier to defend, because Zomato had succeeded in that business, at
least in terms of delivering revenue growth and a significant market share.
There were others telling bigger stories for Zomato in 2021, ranging from it
being a grocery delivery business to a retail platform for a wider array of
products, and they would have faced tougher (albeit still passable) tests.
Step 3: Connecting Stories to Inputs
For a story to become part of a valuation, you must convert its parts into
valuation inputs. If you have a valuation model with dozens of inputs and
complex output, this will become difficult, if not impossible, to do. One reason
that we believe valuations should be parsimonious, with as few inputs as
possible and limited output, is because they lend themselves much more easily
to story connections. In Chapter 3 , we introduced the basics of valuation and
argued that you can tie the value of a company to a handful of inputs, and we
summarize those in Figure 5.3 .
Figure 5.3  The Drivers of Value
Breaking down the inputs, the cash flows of a firm can be written as a function
of three key drivers:
Growth:  The growth component of a business story is best captured in
revenue growth , with that growth coming from either more units being
sold or a higher price per unit (or both). That revenue growth rate will be
higher in larger markets, making the total market for a product or service
a key driver, and lower for larger companies in that market, since scaling
will work against them.
Profitability:  The profitability of a business story shows up in the
operating margin that you estimate for the company. In making this
estimate, you should start by looking at unit economics, i.e. how much it
costs a company to produce an extra unit for sale, with better unit
economics translating into higher operating margins. A well-run software
company will generate much higher operating margins in steady state
than a well-run chemical or automobile company.
Investment efficiency:  To grow revenues, companies must reinvest, with
that reinvestment being in plant and equipment for manufacturing
companies and R&D and acquisitions for technology companies. The
efficiency with which growth is generated can be measured by looking at
the dollars in revenues that a company can generate for every dollar
invested (sales to invested capital), with more efficient companies
delivering higher revenues.
There are two inputs that encapsulate the risk you see in the business:
Operating risk:  In Chapter 3 , we went through the process of computing
the cost of capital for a company, but a big-picture perspective of the cost
of capital is that it measures the operating risk in a business. Suffice to say
that businesses that face more operating risk should have higher costs of
capital, and to provide perspective on what constitutes a high or low cost
of capital, we report the distribution of costs of capital, by region, for
global companies in January 2023 in Table 5.2 .
While these are in US dollars, converting them into other currencies is
simply done by incorporating the differential inflation between the US
dollar and those currencies. Thus, if expected inflation is 3% in the US
and 5% in India, the median cost of capital in Indian Rupees for an
Indian company would be 13.19% (adding 2% to the median cost of
capital for an emerging market company).
Table 5.2 Costs of Capi tal for US and Global Companies in US$,
July 2023
Decile/Quartile US Emerging
MarketsEurope Japan Global
1st decile (lowest
risk)6.01% 8.08% 7.26% 7.71% 7.39%
First quartile 7.26% 9.56% 8.64% 9.07% 9.08%
Median 9.63% 11.19% 10.41% 10.72% 10.60%
Third quartile 10.88% 12.97% 12.02% 11.50% 12.07%
9th decile (highest
risk)11.63% 15.31% 14.25% 13.10% 14.04%
Failure risk:  Discounting free cash flows to the firm back at the cost of
capital yields a value for the operating assets of the firm if the firm
survives as a going concern. With young firms or distressed companies,
where there is a material chance of failure, you should assess the risk of
this failure and assess your value if that happens, rather than try to
increase your discount rate to incorporate the risk.
Thus, to connect a business story into value, you must consider which of these
inputs to change to reflect that story. Thus, if the key selling point of your
business story is that it has a large potential market, it is revenue growth that
will best reflect that belief, whereas if it is that your company has significant
advantages (technological, brand name, patent protection) over its
competition, it will show up as higher market share. Figure 5.4  summarizes
the links between key components of business stories and valuation inputs.
Figure 5.4  Stories and Valuation Inputs
Applying this framework to Zomato at the time of its IPO in 2021, we
converted our story into valuation inputs, with the total market being the
Indian restaurant food delivery market. Figure 5.5  shows the link between the
story and inputs for Zomato in June 2021.
Note that every part of the story plays out in a valuation input and that
changing your story for Zomato will alter these inputs and its value.
Step 4: From Inputs to V alue
Once you have converted your story to valuation inputs, the process of
converting those inputs into forecasted numbers and value is mechanical.
Specifically, you use revenue growth to obtain expected revenues in future
years, and then applying forecasted margins to these revenues yields operating
profits, as can be seen in Table 5.3 , for our Zomato story.
Next, we bring in the effects of taxes and reinvestment. Note that the company
pays no taxes in year 1, when it loses money, and uses carried-forward
operating losses to shelter much of its profits in year 2 from settling into a 25%
tax rate. The assumptions about investment efficiency about the sales-to-
capital ratio allow you to estimate reinvestment and free cash flows, as can be
seen in Table 5.4 .
Figure 5.5  Stories and Valuation Inputs—Zomato in June 2021
Table 5.3  Expected Operating Profits at Zomato
 Total
marketMarket
shareRevenue
shareRevenues Operating
marginEBIT
 1 ₹337,500 41.72% 22.00% ₹30,975 −10.00% −
₹3,097
 2 ₹438,750 41.29% 22.00% ₹39,853 −1.25% −₹498
 3 ₹570,375 40.86% 22.00% ₹51,270 6.88% ₹3,527
 
4₹741,488 40.43% 22.00% ₹65,951 12.50% ₹8,244
 5 ₹963,934 40.00% 22.00% ₹84,826 18.13% ₹15,379
 
6₹1,203,471 40.00% 22.00% ₹105,905 20.23% ₹21,425
 7₹1,440,555 40.00% 22.00% ₹126,769 27.61% ₹35,001
 
8₹1,650,156 40.00% 22.00% ₹145,214 35.00% ₹50,825
 
9₹1,805,271 40.00% 22.00% ₹158,864 35.00% ₹55,602
10 ₹1,881,995 40.00% 22.00% ₹165,616 35.00% ₹57,965
To get to value per share, we discount the cash flows back at the costs of
capital (10.25% to start, drifting down to 8.97% by year 10) that we have
estimated for the company.1 To complete the valuation, we estimate the value
at the end of year 10. To do so, we assume a growth rate in perpetuity of
4.25%, in Indian rupees, and a return on capital of 12% after year 10:
Table 5.4 Free Cash Flows to the Firm and Present Value at Zomato
in 2021
Year EBIT Tax
rateEBIT ×
(1 − t)Reinvestment FCFF Cost of
capitalPV
 1 −
₹3,0970.00% −₹3,097 ₹4,415 −₹7,512 10.25% −
$6,814
 2 ₹498 0.00% ₹498 ₹3,551 −
₹3,05310.25% −$2,512
 3 ₹3,527 6.63% ₹3,293 ₹4,567 −₹1,273 10.25% −$950
 4 ₹8,244 25.00% ₹6,183 ₹5,872 ₹311 10.25% $210
 5 ₹15,379 25.02% ₹11,531 ₹6,292 ₹5,239 10.25% $3,216
 6 ₹21,425 25.02% ₹16,065 ₹7,026 ₹9,039 10.00% $5,044
 7 ₹35,001 24.99% ₹26,253 ₹6,954 ₹19,299 9.74% $9,813
 8 ₹50,825 25.00% ₹38,119 ₹6,148 ₹31,970 9.48% $14,848
 9 ₹55,602 25.00% ₹41,702 ₹4,550 ₹37,152 9.23% $15,797
10 ₹57,965 25.00% ₹43,474 ₹2,251 ₹41,224 8.97% $16,085
Discounting this value back and adding it to the present value of the cash flows
yields a value for the operating assets. To get to value per share, we subtract
out debt, add the cash balance (including expected proceeds from the IPO),
and divide by the number of shares that will be outstanding after the public
offering.
Present value of terminal value ₹241,972
+ Present value of FCFF over next 10 years ₹54,737
= Value of operating assets ₹296,709
− Adjustment for failure ₹14,835
= Value of operating assets adjusted for failure ₹281,873
− Debt & Minority interests ₹1,592
+ Cash (includes marketable securities) ₹135,960
= Value of equity ₹416,245
− Value of equity options ₹73,245
Number of shares 7,946.68
Value per share ₹43.16
This process yields a value per share of about ₹43, but it is worth pausing and
reminding yourself at each stage how our story is playing out in the numbers.
Step 5: Keeping the Feedback Loop Open
Let us assume that you have a story for your company and you have made sure
that the story passes the 3P test, converted the story into value inputs, and
valued the company. As you celebrate, it is worth reminding yourself that this
is not the value for the company but your  value, reflecting your  story and
inputs, and that you will be wrong. That is why it so critical to keep the
valuation process open for feedback, especially from those who disagree most
strongly with you. As you read or listen to their critiques, rather than react
defensively, you should consider using their arguments to strengthen and
solidify your story.
With the Zomato valuation, there were many who disagreed with us on our
valuation, offering alternative stories for the companies, yielding much higher
or lower values. Those with the higher-value stories were backed up by the
market, since trading in the company opened at ₹72, and the stock continued
its rise in the months after to reach ₹150. To see how alternative stories play
out in valuation, we estimated the value, with these stories, and classified the
valuations based on the 3P test, in Table 5.5 .
You may read this table as implying that anything goes when it comes to value,
but that is not our reading of it. It is true that the value for Zomato can shift
dramatically based on the story you craft for the company, but not only is that
true for all young companies, but not all stories are equally plausible.
Specifically, when investing in a young company, you must find a story that
you believe is plausible and that you believe in, and accept the fact that there
will be other investors who will disagree with you. With more mature
companies, there is less room for stories to diverge, and you will find more
consensus on their valuations. Since the payoff in investing comes from being
less wrong than others looking at the same company, it adds credence to the
argument that the payoff to doing valuation is greater at young companies,
where there is more disagreement about value, than in more mature
companies.
Table 5.5  Zomato—Alternative Stories and Value per Share
Zomato
StoryTotal
market (in
millions)Market
shareRevenue
sliceTarget
marginCost
of
capitalValue/share
Delivery
juggernaut₹5,000,000 40% 25.00% 45.00% 9.50% ₹150.02
Delivery
star₹5,000,000 40% 22.00% 35.00% 9.50% ₹93.00
Delivery
leader +
competition₹5,000,000 40% 15.00% 25.00% 10.99% ₹61.55
Restaurant
delivery
juggernaut
+ high
growth
India₹3,000,000 40% 25.00% 45.00% 9.50% ₹94.31
Restaurant
delivery
star + high
growth
India₹3,000,000 40% 22.00% 35.00% 9.50% ₹59.02
Restaurant
delivery +
competition
+ high
growth
India₹3,000,000 40% 20.00% 25.00% 10.99% ₹35.52
Our story,
positive₹2,000,000 40% 25.00% 45.00% 10.25% ₹56.66
Our story ₹2,000,000 40% 22.00% 35.00% 10.25% ₹39.48
Our story,
negative₹2,000,000 40% 20.00% 25.00% 10.25% ₹26.16
Restaurant
delivery
juggernaut
+ low
growth
India₹1,125,000 40% 25.00% 45.00% 9.50% ₹36.48
Zomato
StoryTotal
market (in
millions)Market
shareRevenue
sliceTarget
marginCost
of
capitalValue/share
Restaurant
delivery
star + low
growth
India₹1,125,000 40% 22.00% 35.00% 9.50% ₹24.02
Restaurant
delivery +
competition
+ low
growth
India₹1,125,000 40% 20.00% 25.00% 10.99% ₹16.58
Story Resets, Changes, and Breaks
One of the advantages of building a valuation around a story is that it gives you
perspective when examining news stories that emerge about the company or
assessing the effect of earnings reports. Instead of focusing on the hype that a
new CEO may bring to a company or whether a company reported earnings
that beat analyst expectations by three cents or five, you can instead turn your
attention to how much, if at all, the new CEO will alter the company narrative
and the news in the earnings report that may lead you to change your story for
a company. Broadly speaking, story changes can fall into three groups:
1. Story breaks:  An event that undercuts the entire business model on
which your valuation story is built can cause your story and value to
implode. With a young pharmaceutical company, this may take the form
of fatal reactions to a promising drug that is in the company's product
pipeline, and for a company dependent on regulatory approval, it can be a
removal of a license or approval to operate. With Zomato, for instance, a
decision by the government to crack down on restaurant food deliveries
through apps could be fatal for value.
2. Story changes:  An event that leads you to reassess your core story as
either too expansive or too restrictive should lead you to change your
story and value for the company. With Zomato, an earnings report that
contains news about a breakthrough that allows the company to expand
beyond restaurant deliveries to grocery deliveries would greatly expand
the story and push up value, whereas an announcement by Zwiggy (a
competitor) that the company plans to reduce its take (share of gross
billing claimed as revenue) will spill over into the profitability part of your
story for Zomato.
3. Story shifts:  The core story may not break or change, but you may
reassess the contours of that story based on either macroeconomic
developments or stories about the company. The growth in the Zomato
story comes from the assumptions that the Indian economy will grow
strongly and that the restaurant business in the country will grow even
more. Information that you receive that leads you to reassess one or both
assumptions will play out as alterations in your story and value for the
company.
Just as a warning, it is easy for investors to fall in love with their valuation
narratives and resist or deny news stories that push against these stories.
Maintaining a balance between having enough faith in your valuation so that
you do not abandon it at the slightest hint of trouble and not having so much
conviction that you hold on to it even when the data suggests that you should
let go is one of the toughest challenges in investing.
Stories + Numbers
While a valuation ultimately comes from numbers, on revenues, earnings, and
cash flows, there is a story embedded in these numbers. For a valuation to be
credible, you must not only be aware of that story but also check that story to
see if it passes the reasonableness test. Your valuation is as much a function of
the story that you are telling about a company as it is of the numbers you use
to back up that story. If there is a message in this chapter, good valuations
require that you use both the numbers and story sides of your brain and that
you work on your weaker side.
Note
1   Since the costs of capital are changing, to discount the cash flows in year 7,
you have to use a cumulated cost of capital = 19,299/(1.1025)7 (1.10)
(1.0974) = $9,813 million.
From Cradle to Grave—Life
Cycle and Valuation
Chapter Six
Promise Aplenty: Valuing Young Growth Companies
IN LATE 2012, FACEBOOK (META) attempted to buy a young tech company called
Instagram for $1 billion. At the time, Instagram had been in existence for only two
years, had barely any revenues, and was reporting operating losses. The firm clearly
had growth potential, but there were huge uncertainties about its business model. In
assessing the bid, analysts were nonplussed, unsure about how to value a company
with almost no operating history and market price data.
If every business starts with an idea, young companies can range from idea
companies (those with no revenues or products) to start-up companies that are
testing out product appeal to second-stage companies that are moving on the path to
profitability. Figure 6.1  illustrates the diversity of young growth companies.
Most young growth companies tend to be privately owned and funded, either
entirely by their founders/owners or by venture capitalists. In the last two decades,
though, companies in some sectors such as technology and biotechnology have been
able to leapfrog the process and go public. When they do go public, they offer a blend
of promise and peril to investors who are willing to grapple with the uncertainties
that come with growth potential. Young companies share some common attributes:
Figure 6.1  The Early Stages of the Business Life Cycle
No historical performance data:  Most young companies have only one or two
years of data available on operations and financing and some have financials for
only a portion of a year.
Small or no revenues, operating losses:  Many young companies have small or
nonexistent revenues. Expenses often are associated with getting the business
established, rather than generating revenues. In combination, the result is
significant operating losses.
Many don't survive:  The statistics maintained by the Bureau of Labor Statistics,
in the United States, concluded that only 45 percent of all businesses that were
founded in 2006 survived at least 5 years and only 24 percent made it through
15 years.
Investments are illiquid:  Equity in privately owned businesses is illiquid, even if
highly priced or valued. Even those that are publicly traded tend to have small
market capitalizations and relatively few shares traded (low float). A significant
portion of the equity is usually held by the founders, venture capitalists, and
other private equity investors.
Multiple claims on equity:  It is not uncommon for some equity investors to have
first claims on cash flows (dividends) and others to have additional voting right
shares or special protections, making equity claims unequal.
Stock-based compensation:  While many companies, across the life cycle, use
equity in the form of restricted stock and options to compensate employees,
young companies tend to use them disproportionately, usually because they lack
the cash to pay employees.
While each of these characteristics individually does not pose an insurmountable
problem, their coming together in the same firm creates the perfect storm for
valuation. It is no wonder that most investors and analysts give up.
Valuation Issues
In intrinsic valuation, estimating each of the four pieces that determine value—cash
flows from existing assets, expected growth in these cash flows, discount rates, and
the length of time before the firm becomes mature—all become more difficult for
young firms. Existing assets often generate little or negative cash flows, and
estimating future revenues and discount rates becomes more difficult because of
limited or nonexistent historical data. This estimation challenge gets even more
daunting when we bring in the possibility that the firm may not survive to become a
stable firm and that there may be multiple claims on equity. As a consequence, most
investors don't even try to value young growth companies on an intrinsic basis and
rely instead on compelling stories to justify investment decisions.
Some analysts try to price young companies using multiples and comparable firms.
However, this task is also made more difficult by the following factors:
What do you scale price to?  Young companies often lose money (both net
income and EBITDA are negative), have little to show in terms of book value,
and have minuscule revenues. Scaling market pricing to any of these variables is
going to be difficult.
What are your comparable companies?  Even if a young company operates in a
sector where there are many other young companies, there can be significant
variations across companies. For young companies in mature sectors, the task of
finding comparables will be even more challenging.
How do you control for survival?  Intuitively, we would expect the pricing of a
young company (the multiple of revenues or earnings that we assign it) to
increase with its likelihood of survival. However, putting this intuitive principle
into practice is not easy to do.
In summary, there are no easy valuation or pricing solutions to the young firm
problem.
Valuation Solutions
In this section, we will begin by laying out the foundations for estimating the
intrinsic value of a young company, move on to consider how best to adapt relative
valuation for the special characteristics of young companies, and close with a
discussion of how thinking about investments in these companies as options can
offer valuation insights.
Intrinsic V aluation
When applying discounted cash flow models to valuing young companies, we will
move systematically through the process of estimation, considering at each stage
how best to deal with the characteristics of young companies. To illustrate the
process, we will value Airbnb (ABNB), a company that upended the hospitality and
hotel business, at the time of its IPO in November 2020. The firm had been in
existence just over a decade but had shown high growth potential, with revenues
increasing more than five-fold, from $919 million in 2015 to $4.8 billion in 2019.
However, the company's business model was still in flux, as it reported operating
losses of $501 million in 2019. Adding to the uncertainty in this valuation was the
COVID shutdown of the global economy, with the hospitality business among the
most affected. As a result, in the trailing 12 months leading into this valuation,
Airbnb's revenues dropped to $3.6 billion, and its losses ballooned to $818 million.
Estimating Future Cash Flows   There are three key numbers in forecasting
future cash flows. The first is revenue growth, which can be obtained either by
extrapolating from the recent past or by estimating the total market for a product or
service and an expected market share. The potential market for a company will be
smaller if the product or service offered by the firm is defined narrowly and will
expand if we use a broader definition. Defining Airbnb as an apartment-rental
company will result in a smaller market than categorizing it as being in the
hospitality business. The next step is to estimate the share of that market that will be
captured by the firm being analyzed, both in the long term and in the time periods
leading up to it. It is at this stage that you will consider both the quality of the
products and management of the young company and the resources that the
company can draw on to accomplish its objectives.
Airbnb's management has shown competence and creativity, and the networking
benefits of being the largest network for rentals will allow it not only to continue
winning market share from hotels but also give it an advantage over other companies
that try to imitate it. We estimate the gross bookings on Airbnb's platform will grow
40% in 2021, as the COVID shutdown eases, and that the annual growth rate will be
25% in the next four years; and that growth rate will scale down to 2% by year 10.
Airbnb's revenues come from the share of these gross bookings that it claims, and we
expect that percentage to increase from 12.65% in the next 12 months to 14% over the
next decade, because of market power and economies of scale. Table 6.1  summarizes
the gross bookings and revenue projections for Airbnb.
VALUE DRIVER #1: REVENUE GROWTH
Small revenues must become big revenues for a young business to become
valuable. How quickly can your company grow?
A firm can have value only if it ultimately delivers earnings. Consequently, the next
step is estimating the operating expenses associated with delivering the projected
revenues, and we would separate the estimation process into two parts. In the first
part, we would focus on estimating the target operating margin when the firm
becomes mature, primarily by looking at more established companies in the
business. In making these estimates, you should treat all stock-based compensation
as expenses, notwithstanding the fact that they are not explicitly in cash; payments
in equity are more akin to payments in kind and are thus expenses. You will be
helped by the fact that accountants have finally come to this recognition and both
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and international financial
reporting standards (IFRS) treat option and restricted stock grants as expenses.
Table 6.1  Expected Revenues for Airbnb (in $ millions)
 Growth rate Gross bookings Airbnb share (%) Revenues
LTM  $26,492  $3,626
 1 40.00% $37,089 12.65% $4,692
 2 25.00% $46,361 12.92% $5,990
 3 25.00% $57,951 13.06% $7,565
 4 25.00% $72,439 13.19% $9,555
 5 25.00% $90,548 13.33% $12,066
 6 20.40% $109,020 13.46% $14,674
 7 15.80% $126,245 13.60% $17,163
 8 11.20% $140,385 13.73% $19,275
 9 6.60% $149,650 13.87% $20,749
10 2.00% $152,643 14.00% $21,370
Terminal year 2.00% $155,696 14.00% $21,797
We assume that Airbnb's pretax operating margin, currently an abysmal −22.56
percent, will improve to 25 percent, a little lower than the margins delivered by
Booking.com , the only competitor of similar scale and business model. In the second
part, we can then look at how the margin will evolve over time; this “pathway to
profitability” can be rockier for some firms than others, with fixed costs and
competition playing significant roles in the estimation. The product of the forecasted
revenues and expected operating margins yields the expected operating income. To
estimate taxes due on this income, consider the possibility of carrying forward
operating losses from earlier years to offset income in later years. The net operating
loss of $167.6 million that Airbnb has accumulated in the past and the losses it is
expected to generate over the next two years shelter its income from taxes until the
fifth year.
Growth requires reinvestment. With a manufacturing firm, this will take the form of
investments in additional production capacity, and with a technology firm it will
include not only investments in R&D and new patents but also in human capital
(hiring software programmers and researchers). For Airbnb, the reinvestment will
take the form of acquisitions of smaller firms, primarily for their niche markets or
technology, and investments in the platform. Based on Airbnb's reinvestment history
and the reinvestment at competitors (Expedia and Booking), we estimate that every
$2.00 in additional revenue will require a dollar in capital invested.
VALUE DRIVER #2: T ARGET MARGINS
You can lose money today, but you have to make money in the future. When
mature, what is the likely operating profit margin for your company?
In Table 6.2 , we estimate the earnings and cash flows for Airbnb. The expected cash
flows are negative for the next six years, and existing equity investors will see their
share of the ownership either reduced (when new equity investors come in) or be
called upon to make more investments to keep the business going.
As margins improve, the company's losses become profits. Early on, the company
pays no taxes, because it is money-losing, and in the first two years that the company
makes money (years 3 and 4), operating losses carried forward from prior years
shield the company from taxes. The free cash flows stay negative for longer, largely
because of reinvestment needs, but as growth slackens, cash flows turn positive.
VALUE DRIVER #3: EFFICIENCY  IN DELIVERING GROWTH
(REINVESTMENT)
The value of growth comes from how efficiently you can deliver it. How much
reinvestment will your firm have to make to deliver your anticipated growth?
Table 6.2  Expected Earnings and Cash Flows (in $ millions) for Airbnb
 Revenues Operating
marginEBIT Tax
rateEBIT
×
(1 − t)Reinvestment FCFF
LTM $3,626 −22.56% −$818 0.00% −$818   
 1 $4,692 −10.00% −$469 0.00% −$469 $532.98 $(1,002)
 2 $5,990 −3.00% −$180 0.00% −$180 $649.05 $(829)
 3 $7,565 0.50% $38 0.00% $38 $787.84 $(750)
 4 $9,555 4.00% $382 0.00% $382 $994.58 $(612)
 5 $12,066 7.50% $905 14.05% $778 $1,255.45 $(478)
 6 $14,674 9.52% $1,397 25.00% $1,048 $1,304.27 $(256)
 7 $17,163 13.39% $2,298 25.00% $1,724 $1,244.47 $479
 8 $19,275 17.26% $3,327 25.00% $2,495 $1,055.89 $1,439
 9 $20,749 21.13% $4,384 25.00% $3,288 $737.08 $2,551
10 $21,370 25.00% $5,343 25.00% $4,007 $310.52 $3,696
Terminal
year$21,797 25.00% $5,449 25.00% $4,087 $817.40 $3,270
Estimating Discount Rates   There are two problems that we face in estimating
discount rates for young companies. The first is that the market history available is
too short and volatile to yield reliable estimates of beta or cost of debt. The second is
that the cost of capital can be expected to change over time as the young company
matures. To overcome the lack of history, we would suggest an approach that looks
at the company's business, rather than the company itself, and adjusting for key
differences. In effect, we use sector averages or even market-wide statistics for
discount rates, adjusted for the higher risk of younger companies. Thus, in the early
years, costs of equity and capital will be much higher for young companies than for
more mature counterparts in the same business. To incorporate the changes over
time, move the cost of capital toward sector averages, as the young company grows
and matures. For Airbnb, the current cost of capital of 8.5 percent reflects its higher
risk, given its status as a money-losing company, still seeking a business model. As
the firm matures, we expect the cost of capital to drop to 7.12 percent as Airbnb's risk
moves toward that of the average company in the market.
VALUE DRIVER #4: RISK IN OPERA TIONS
The greater the risk in a firm's operations, the less value you will attach to it.
How much operating risk do you see in your company?
Estimating Value Today and Adjusting for Survival   Once cash flows for the
forecast period have been estimated and discounted, you still must determine what
will happen at the end of the forecast period, adjust the value for the possibility of
failure, and examine the impact of losing key people in the company.
Terminal Value   The terminal value  can be 80, 90, or even more than 100 percent of
value for a young firm; the more than 100 percent will occur when cash flows are
very negative in the near years, requiring fresh capital infusions. The basic principles
that govern terminal value remain unchanged: the growth rate used must be less
than the growth rate of the economy, the cost of capital must converge on that of a
mature firm, and there has to be enough reinvestment to sustain the stable growth.
Airbnb is assumed to become a mature company after year 10, growing at 2 percent a
year, with a cost of capital of 7.12 percent befitting its mature firm status, and
reinvesting 20 percent of its earning to sustain this growth (based on a return on
capital of 10 percent forever).
Discounting the expected cash flows for the next 10 years and the terminal value
back at the cost of capital yields a value of $29,567 million for the operating assets
today, as can be seen in Table 6.3 .
Since the cost of capital changes over time, the discounting must reflect a
compounded cost of capital.
Table 6.3  Free Cash Flows (in $ millions) and Value for Airbnb
Year Cost of
capitalCumulated cost of capital FCFF Terminal
valuePresent
value
 1 8.50% 1.0850 −
$1,002 −$924
 2 8.50% 1.0852 = 1.1772 −$829  −$704
 3 8.50% 1.0853 = 1.2773 −$750  −$587
 4 8.50% 1.0854 = 1.3859 −$612  −$442
 5 8.50% 1.0855 = 1.5037 −$478  −$318
 6 8.22% 1.0855 (1.0822) = 1.6273 −$647  −$397
 7 7.95% 1.0855 (1.0822)(1.0795) =
1.7567$137  $78
 8 7.67% 1.0855 (1.0822)(1.0795)
(1.0767) = 1.8914$1,183  $626
 9 7.40% 1.0855(1.0822)(1.0795)
(1.0767)(1.074) = 2.0313$2,413  $1,188
10 7.12% 1.0855(1.0822)(1.0795)
(1.0767) (1.074)(1.0712) =
2.1759$3,696 $63,860 $31,047
Value of operating assets = $29,567
Adjust for Survival   To deal with the risk of failure in a young firm, try a two-step
approach. In the first step, value the firm on the assumption that it survives and
makes it to financial health. This, in effect, is what we are assuming when we use a
terminal value and discount cash flows back to today at a risk-adjusted discount rate.
In the second step, bring in the likelihood that the firm will not survive. The
probability of failure can be assessed most simply by using sector averages. Earlier in
the chapter we noted a study that used data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics to
estimate the probability of survival for firms in different sectors from 2006 to 2021.
While it is not easy to translate the numbers in this table into failure statistics for
individual firms, we will assume that the risk of failure in Airbnb is low but not
insignificant, at 10%, and that its value will be halved, in failure. This ratio will be
affected by specifics about the firm being valued: the quality of its management, its
access to capital, and its cash balances. The value of the firm can be written as an
expected value of the two scenarios—the intrinsic value (from the discounted cash
flows) under the going concern scenario and the distress value, estimated at half of
fair value, under the failure scenario.
Airbnb's failure-adjusted value:
Value per Share   The process of getting from the value of the operating assets to
equity value per share starts with adding back the cash and marketable securities
held by the firm; if the firm is making a public offering or raising a new round of
equity, the cash infusion should be included. While young companies tend not to
carry much debt, you should net out any debt that they owe and, as a final step,
reduce the equity value of the firm by the value of any options that the firm may have
granted to employees that are still outstanding. To get to equity value per share, you
divide by the number of shares outstanding today, including any restricted shares.
Adding Airbnb's cash balance ($4,495 million) and proceeds from its initial offering
($3,000 million) and then subtracting out its debt ($2,192 million) yields a value of
$33,391 million for its equity. Finally, to get a per-share value, we net out the
estimated value of management options that are outstanding ($1,737 million) and
divide by the share count (671.06 million shares):
VALUE DRIVER #5: SUR VIVAL SKILLS
For young firms to become valuable, they have to survive. What are the factors
that may cause your firm to fail?
Note that while Airbnb is expected to issue new shares in the first six years to cover
the negative free cash flows, we do not consider those shares. The present value of
those negative cash flows lowers the equity value today and thus already
incorporates the effect of the dilution.
Key Person Discounts   Young companies, especially service businesses, are often
dependent on the owner or a few key people for their success. Consequently, the
value we estimate for these businesses can change significantly if one or more of
these key people will no longer be associated with the firm. To assess a key person
discount in valuations, first value the firm with the status quo (with key people
involved in the business), and then value it again with the loss of these individuals
built into revenues, earnings, and expected cash flows. To the extent that earnings
and cash flows suffer when key people leave, the value of the business will be lower
with the loss of these individuals, thus leading to a “key person discount.” With
Airbnb, the value derives more from the platform and the users on that platform;
hence, there is no need for a key-person discount.
Relative V aluation/Pricing
Relative valuation is more challenging with young firms that have little to show in
terms of operations and face substantial risks in operations and threats to their
existence for the following reasons:
Life cycle affects fundamentals:  To the extent that we are comparing a young
firm to more mature firms in the business, there are likely to be significant
differences in risk, cash flows, and growth across the firms.
Survival:  A related point is that there is a high probability of failure in young
firms. Firms that are mature and have a lower probability of failure should
therefore trade at higher market values for any given variable such as revenues,
earnings, or book value, holding all else (growth and risk) constant.
Scaling variable:  Young firms often have very little revenues to show in the
current year and many will be losing money; the book value is usually
meaningless. Applying a multiple to any one of these measures will result in
outlandish numbers.
Liquidity:  Since equity in publicly traded companies is often more liquid than
equity in young growth companies, the value obtained by using these multiples
may be too high if applied to a young company.
There are simple practices that can not only prevent egregious pricing valuation
errors but also lead to better pricing:
Use forward metrics:  Since young firms often have small revenues and negative
earnings, one solution is to forecast the operating results of the firm further
down the life cycle and use these forward revenues and earnings as the basis for
valuation. In effect, we will estimate the value of the business in five years, using
revenues or earnings from that point in time.
Adjust the multiple for the firm's characteristics at the forward period:
Consider a simple illustration. Assume that you have a company that is expected
to have revenue growth of 50 percent for the next five years and 10 percent
thereafter. The multiple that you apply to revenues or earnings in year five
should reflect an expected growth rate of 10 percent (and not 50 percent).
Adjust for time value and survival risk:  When forward multiples are used to
derive value, we need to adjust for the time value of money and the likelihood
that the firm will not survive to get to the forward value.
Applying these principles to pricing Airbnb, we used two variants of comparable
firms, hotels and online booking firms, and two scaling metrics, revenues and gross
bookings, in Figure 6.2 .
Note that the pricing we attach to Airbnb is higher when we use booking companies
as our peer group instead of hotels and if we use forward revenues (and discount
back value and adjust for failure) than if we use current revenues. If you are troubled
by those variations, they are part and parcel of the pricing process, even though
analysts who use pricing often pick the pricing that best suits their biases and
agenda. No matter which of these enterprise values you use, you must add back the
cash balance ($4,495 million) and issue proceeds ($3,000 million), and subtract out
its debt ($2,192 million) to get to equity value.
Figure 6.2  Pricing Airbnb in November 2020
Are We Missing Something?
In both discounted cash flow and relative valuation, we build in our expectations of
what success will look like in terms of revenues and earnings. Sometimes, success in
one business or market can be a steppingstone to success in other businesses or
markets.
Success with an existing product can sometimes provide an opening for a firm to
introduce a new product. The success of the iPod laid the foundations for the
introduction of the iPhone and the iPad for Apple.
Companies that succeed with a product in one market may be able to expand
into other markets with similar success. The most obvious example of this is
expanding into foreign markets to build on domestic market success, a pathway
adopted by companies such as Coca Cola, McDonald's, and many retail
companies. The subtler examples are products that are directed at one market
that serendipitously find new markets: an ulcer drug that reduces cholesterol
would be a good example.
Why cannot we build expectations about new products and new markets into our
cash flows and value? We can try, but there are two problems. First, our forecasts
about these potential product and market extensions will be very hazy at the time of
the initial valuation, and the cash flows will reflect this uncertainty. Apple would not
have been able to visualize the potential market for the iPhone at the time that they
were introducing the iPod. Second, it is the information gleaned and the lessons
learned during the initial product launch and subsequent development that allows
firms to take full advantage of the follow-up offerings. It is this learning and adaptive
behavior that gives rise to value that adds to the estimated intrinsic value.
With Airbnb, an argument for augmenting value can be made, not only based on the
size of their platform, in terms of user numbers, but also in the sense that Airbnb has
learned about the travel and hospitality tastes of its users that could be used to create
new products and services in the future. The question is whether this data is
exclusive enough to Airbnb to offer the company a significant advantage.
Value Plays
There are many reasons why young growth companies fail: Revenue growth may
lag, target margins may be lower than expected, capital markets may shut down,
or key people may leave. Investors can improve their odds of success by focusing
on the following:
Big potential market:  The potential market for the company's products and
services has to be large enough to absorb high revenue growth for an
extended period, without being overwhelmed.
Expense tracking and controls:  Young companies can become
undisciplined in tracking and controlling expenses while chasing growth.
Set targets for margin improvement, and view failure to meet these targets
as reasons to sell.
Access to capital:  Capital access is critical to both growth and success. Look
for firms with larger cash balances and institutional investor bases because
they are better positioned.
Dependence on key individuals:  Young firms are often dependent on key
individuals or founders. Focus on firms that have built up a solid bench to
back up key personnel.
Exclusivity:  Success will attract competition, often from larger companies
with deep pockets. You want young firms that have products that are
difficult for others to imitate, whether this exclusivity comes from patents,
technology, or brand name. As a bonus, with exclusivity, success is also
more likely to feed on itself, allowing a firm to enter new markets and
introduce new products.
In summary, you want to invest in young companies with tough-to-imitate
products that have huge potential markets, are working at keeping expenses
under control, and have access to capital. Not easy to do, but done right, it is a
high-risk, high-return proposition.
Chapter Seven
Growing Pains: Valuing Growth Companies
IN 2001, GOOGLE (GOOG) was a young start-up, with a few million in revenue and operating
losses. Over the following decade, the company saw explosive growth, and in 2009, the company
reported operating profits of $6.5 billion on revenues of $23.7 billion and had a market value
exceeding $200 billion. Google was still a growth company, but a much larger one. In 2022,
Google’s operating profits had grown to $74.8 billion on revenues of $283 billion, but growth
flagged during the year. The two big questions in valuing it, in 2023, were whether it could sustain
growth going forward, and how its risk profile has changed and would continue to change in the
future.
So, what is a growth company? There are many definitions for growth companies used in practice,
but they all tend to be subjective and flawed. Some analysts, for instance, categorize companies as
growth companies or mature companies, based on the sectors that they operate in. Thus, technology
companies in the United States are treated as growth companies, whereas steel companies are
considered mature. This definition clearly misses the vast differences in growth prospects across
companies within any given sector. Others categorize companies trading at high PE ratios as growth
companies, trusting markets to make the distinction. Here is an alternative definition: growth firms
get more of their value from investments that they expect to make in the future and less from
investments already made. While this may seem like a restatement of the growth categorization
described earlier, where firms with high growth rates are treated as growth companies, there is an
important difference. The value of growth assets is a function of not only how much growth is
anticipated but also the quality of that growth, measured in terms of excess returns: returns on the
invested capital in these assets, relative to the cost of capital.
Growth companies are diverse in size and growth prospects, but they share some common
characteristics:
Dynamic financials:  Not only can the earnings and book value numbers for the latest year be
very different from numbers in the prior year, but they can change dramatically even over
shorter time periods.
Market- Accounting disconnect:  The market values of growth companies, if they are publicly
traded, are often much higher than the book values, since markets incorporate the value of
growth assets, and accountants do not. In addition, the market values can seem discordant with
the operating numbers for the firm—revenues and earnings. Many growth firms have market
values in the billions, while reporting small revenues and negative earnings.
Use of debt:  Growth firms in any business will tend to carry less debt, relative to their value
(intrinsic or market), than more stable firms in the same business, simply because they do not
have the cash flows from existing assets to support more debt.
Market history is short and unstable:  Even if growth companies are publicly traded, they
generally have stock price data going back for short periods, and even that data is unstable.
The degree to which these factors affect growth firms can vary across firms, but they are prevalent in
almost every growth firm. While growth companies can emerge in any business, it is true that many
of the fastest growth companies of the last few decades have been technology and service
companies. While these companies are diverse, there is one characteristic that they share, which is
that they derive their value from intangible assets. From a valuation perspective, that does not
matter, since value comes from expected cash flows, not whether an asset is tangible or not. The
problem, though, is that the accounting for intangible assets is not consistent with its treatment of
physical assets. Accounting first principles suggests a simple rule to separate capital expenses from
operating expenses. Any expense that creates benefits over many years is a capital expense, whereas
expenses that generate benefits only in the current year are operating expenses. Accountants hew to
this distinction with manufacturing firms, putting investments in plant, equipment, and buildings
in the capital expense column and labor and raw material expenses in the operating expense
column. However, they seem to ignore these first principles when it comes to firms with intangible
assets. The most significant capital expenditures made by technology and pharmaceutical firms is in
R&D, by consumer product companies in brand name advertising, and by consulting firms in
training and recruiting personnel. Using the argument that the benefits are too uncertain,
accountants have treated these expenses as operating expenses. Consequently, firms with intangible
assets report small capital expenditures, relative to both their size and growth potential.
Valuation Issues
The shared characteristics of growth firms—dynamic financials, a mix of public and private equity,
disconnects between market value and operating data, a dependence on equity funding, and a short
and volatile market history—have consequences for both intrinsic and relative valuations.
If the intrinsic value of a company comes from its cash flows and risk characteristics, there are
problems that can be traced back to where growth firms are in the life cycle. The biggest challenge
that we face in valuing growth companies stems from changing scale. Even in the most successful
growth company, we can expect future growth to be lower than past growth for two reasons. One is
that a company that has posted a growth rate of 80 percent over the last five years is larger (by a
factor of 18) than it was five years ago, and it is unlikely to maintain that growth rate. The other is
that growth attracts competition which, in turn, crimps growth. Questions about how quickly
growth rates will scale down going forward, and how the risk and other characteristics of the firm
will change as growth changes, are at the center of growth company valuation.
The issues that make discounted cash flow valuation difficult also crop up, not surprisingly, when
we try to price these companies.
Comparable firms:  Even if all of the companies in a sector are growth firms, they can vary
widely in terms of risk and growth characteristics, thus making it difficult to generalize from
industry averages.
Base year values and choice of multiples:  If a firm is a growth firm, the current values for
scaling variables such as earnings, book value, or revenues may provide limited or unreliable
clues to the future potential for the firm.
Controlling for growth differences:  Not only does the level of growth make a difference to
value, but so does the length of the growth period and the excess returns that accompany that
growth rate. Put another way, two companies with the same expected growth rate in earnings
can trade at very different multiples of these earnings.
Controlling for risk differences:  Determining how the trade-off between growth and risk will
affect value is difficult to do in any valuation but becomes doubly so in relative valuation, where
many companies have both high growth and high risk.
Analysts who use multiples to value growth firms may feel a false sense of security about their
valuations since their assumptions are often implicit rather than explicit. The reality, though, is that
relative valuations yield valuations that are just as subject to error as discounted cash flow
valuations.
Valuation Solutions
While growth companies raise thorny estimation problems, we can navigate our way through these
problems to arrive at values for these firms that are less likely to be contaminated by internal
inconsistencies.
Intrinsic V aluation
The discounted cash flow models used to value growth companies need to allow for changing growth
and margins over time. Rigid models that lock in the current characteristics of the company do not
perform as well as more flexible models, where analysts can change the inputs, in valuing growth
companies. To illustrate the process, we will value Google, a search engine that has become an
advertising juggernaut, delivering huge profits on growing revenues, over the last decade. Between
2012 and 2022 the company increased revenues from $46 billion to $289.5 billion, representing a
compounded annual growth rate of 20.2%. During the period, Google renamed itself Alphabet, with
the intent of sending a message to markets about the other businesses (bets) that the company was
in, though those businesses have added little to either the top or bottom line for the company.
Cleaning up for Accounting Inconsistencies   Research expenses, notwithstanding the uncertainty
about future benefits, should be capitalized, and we will illustrate the effects of doing so with
Google. To capitalize and value research assets, we have to make an assumption about how long it
takes for research and development to be converted, on average, into commercial products. This is
called the amortizable life  of these assets. This life will vary across firms and reflect the commercial
life of the products that emerge from the research. While this amortizable life can be as long as a
decade for pharmaceutical companies, the payoff to research is likely to be sooner with a company
such as Google, where we will assume three years.
Table 7.1  R&D Amortization in $ millions: Google in 2023
Year R&D expense Unamortized portion Amortization this year
Most recent year $42,596 1.00 $42,596
Year −1 $39,500 0.67 $26,333  $13,167
Year −2 $31,562 0.33 $10,521  $10,521
Year −3 $27,573 0.00 $0    $9,191
$79,450 $32,878
Once the amortizable life of research and development expenses has been estimated, the next step is
to collect data on R&D expenses over past years ranging back to the amortizable life of the research
asset. With Google, that calculation will yield the numbers in Table 7.1 :
For simplicity, it can be assumed that the amortization is uniform over time, and in the case of the
research asset with a three-year life, you assume that you amortize one-third of the amortization
expense each year to get the cumulated amortization expense for the current year of $32,878
million. Cumulating the unamortized portion of the expenses from prior years yields the capital
invested in the research asset of $79,450 million. This augments the value of the assets of the firm,
and by extension, the book value (BV) of equity. For Google:
The reported accounting income is adjusted to reflect the capitalization of R&D expenses. First, the
R&D expenses that were subtracted out to arrive at the operating income are added back to the
operating income, reflecting their re-categorization as capital expenses. Next, the amortization of
the research asset is treated the same way that depreciation is and netted out to arrive at the
adjusted operating income and adjusted net income. Using Google to illustrate this process:
The adjusted operating and net income will generally increase for firms that have R&D expenses
that are growing over time.
Table 7.2  Effects of Capitalizing Research Expenses: Alphabet
Unadjusted Adjusted for R&D
Net margin
 = 21.20%
  = 24.64%
Operating margin
 = 26.46%
  = 29.90%
Return on equity
 = 23.41%
  = 20.77%
Pretax return on capital
 = 31.64%
  = 26.76%
The book values of both equity and capital are augmented by the capital invested in the research
asset. For Google, using these augmented book values, with the adjusted income, yields very
different estimates for profitability measures, as shown in Table 7.2 .
While the accounting returns for Google remain impressive even after the adjustment, they decline
from the unadjusted numbers, but the company’s margins improve.
R&D expenses are the most prominent example of capital expenses being treated as operating
expenses, but there are other operating expenses that arguably should be treated as capital
expenses. Consumer product companies such as Procter & Gamble (PG)  and Coca Cola (KO)  could
make a case that a portion of advertising expenses should be treated as capital expenses, since they
are designed to augment brand name value. For a consulting firm such as KPMG or McKinsey, the
cost of recruiting and training its employees could be considered a capital expense, since the
consultants who emerge are likely to be the heart of the firm’s assets and provide benefits over many
years. For user-based firms, such as Uber and Netflix, the cost of acquiring new users and
subscribers should also be considered as a capital expense.
Valuing the Operating Assets  The valuation process starts with estimating future revenues. The
biggest issue is the scaling factor. The question of how quickly revenue growth rates will decline at a
given company, as it gets bigger, can generally be addressed by looking at the company’s specifics—
the size of the overall market for its products and services, the strength of the competition, and the
quality of both its products and management. Companies with larger potential markets with less
aggressive competition and better management can maintain high revenue growth rates for longer
periods. Alphabet has had an impressive run of high growth, but the online advertising business has
matured, and Alphabet’s large market share implies that future growth will be much lower. We will
assume single-digit growth, albeit in the high single digits at 8%, for the next five years, before
lowering revenue growth down to stable growth in the following years, with the cloud business
contributing to a portion of this growth. Implicit in this story is the assumption that Alphabet’s
other bets will continue to limp along, delivering little of substance to either the top line or the
bottom line.
VALUE DRIVER #1: SCALABLE GROWTH
The faster you grow, the larger you get. The larger you get, the more difficult it is to keep
growing. How good is your firm at scaling up growth?
To get from revenues to operating income, we need operating margins over time, and operating
margins in the future will be different from current margins. In some growth firms, the current
operating margin will be either negative or very low, largely because up-front fixed costs associated
with infrastructure as well as selling expenses directed toward getting new clients (and future
growth) are counted in the current year’s expenses. As the company grows, margins should
improve. Conversely, some growth companies enjoy super-high margins because they have niche
products in markets too small to attract the attention of larger, better-capitalized competitors. As
the firm grows, this may change, and margins could decrease as competitors emerge.
In both scenarios—low margins converging to a higher value, or high margins dropping back to
more sustainable levels—we must make judgment calls on what the target margin should be and
how the current margin will change over time toward this target. The answer to the first question
can usually be found by looking at both the average operating margins commanded by larger, more
stable firms in that industry. The answer to the second will depend on the reason for the divergence
between the current and the target margin. With infrastructure companies, for instance, it will
reflect how long it will take for the investment to be operational and capacity to be fully utilized.
On this front, Alphabet is well positioned in its core business, where it has strong networking
benefits, i.e. online advertisers will continue to go to the platforms with the most users, and we
believe that operating margins will stay stable and perhaps even rise, as the company reins in costs,
especially in the businesses (bets) that are slow to show results. We will assume that the current
operating margin of 30% will rise slightly over time, to reach 32% in year 5, especially as the
company trims costs.
In keeping with the theme that firms must reinvest to grow, we will follow one of three paths to
estimate reinvestment. The first and most general approach is to estimate the reinvestment using
the change in revenue and a sales-to-capital ratio, estimated using either historical data for the firm
or industry averages. Thus, assuming a sales-to-capital ratio of 2.5, in conjunction with a revenue
increase of $250 million, will result in reinvestment of $100 million. For growth firms that have a
more established record of earnings and reinvestment, we can estimate the growth rate as a product
of the reinvestment rate and the return on capital on these investments. Finally, growth firms that
have already invested in capacity for future years are in the unusual position of being able to grow
with little or no reinvestment for the near term. For these firms, we can forecast capacity usage to
determine how long the investment holiday will last and when the firm will have to reinvest again.
For Alphabet, we use the first approach, and use the global industry-average sales-to-capital ratio of
3.09, reflecting the low capital intensity of the business to estimate reinvestment each year. The
resulting free cash flows to the firm are summarized in Table 7.3 .
VALUE DRIVER #2: SUST AINABLE MARGINS
Success attracts competition, and competition can hurt margins. How strong is your company’s
competitive edge?
To get the reinvestment in year 1, we use the change in revenues from year 1 to year 2 ($329,900 −
$305,363 = $24,437) and divide that change by the sales-to-capital ratio of 3.09, to arrive at a
reinvestment of $7,908 million.
VALUE DRIVER #3: QUALITY  GROWTH
Growth has value only if accompanied by excess returns. Do you see your firm generating
returns significantly higher than its cost of funding?
Table 7.3  Expected Free Cash Flows to Firm for Alphabet
Year Growth
rateRevenues Operating
marginEBIT Tax
rateEBIT ×
(1 − t)Reinvestment FCFF
Last year  $282,836 29.90% $84,560     
 1 8.00% $305,463 30.00% $91,639 15.92% $77,049 $7,908 $69,141
 2 8.00% $329,900 30.80% $101,609 15.92% $85,432 $8,541 $76,891
 3 8.00% $356,292 31.20% $111,163 15.92% $93,465 $9,224 $84,241
 4 8.00% $384,795 31.60% $121,595 15.92% $102,236 $9,962 $92,274
 5 8.00% $415,579 32.00% $132,985 15.92% $111,813 $9,683 $102,130
 6 7.20% $445,501 32.00% $142,560 17.74% $117,275 $9,227 $108,048
 7 6.40% $474,013 32.00% $151,684 19.55% $122,026 $8,591 $113,436
 8 5.60% $500,557 32.00% $160,178 21.37% $125,951 $7,776 $118,175
 9 4.80% $524,584 32.00% $167,867 23.18% $128,948 $6,791 $122,158
10 4.00% $545,567 32.00% $174,582 25.00% $130,936 $7,062 $123,874
Terminal
year4.00% $567,390 32.00% $181,565 25.00% $136,174 $36,313 $99,861
Risk Profile Consistent with Growth and Operating Numbers   While the components of the cost of
capital are the same for a growth company as they are for a mature company, what sets growth
companies apart is that their risk profiles will shift over time. As general rules:
Growth firms should have high costs for equity and debt when revenue growth is highest, but
the costs of debt and equity should decline as revenue growth moderates and margins improve.
As earnings increase and growth drops, the firm will generate more cash flows than it needs,
which it can use not only to pay dividends but also to service debt. While firms are not required
to use this debt capacity, the tax advantages of debt will lead some firms to borrow, causing
debt ratios to increase over time.
In terms of estimating risk parameters (betas), steer as far as you can from using the limited price
data that is available on growth companies; the estimation error is likely to be huge, and the
company’s characteristics will change over time. Instead, use estimates of betas obtained by looking
at other publicly traded firms that share the same risk, growth, and cash flow characteristics as the
firm being valued. With Alphabet, the beta of 1.16 in the high growth phase reflects the businesses
(online advertising and cloud) that it derives its revenues from, and an equity risk premium of
6.31% reflects the parts of the world that this revenue comes from. Given its bond rating of Aa2,
Alphabet has a low cost of debt (4.80%), though it gets less than one percent of its capital from debt.
Over time, we expect Alphabet’s cost of capital to drift down toward the average cost of capital for
all firms, at 9%.
When and What Will the Firm Look Like?   The assumptions we make about terminal value loom
large with a growth company, since it will constitute a much larger portion of the firm’s current
value than is the case with a mature firm. Assessing when a growth firm will become a stable
company is difficult to do, but keep in mind the following general propositions:
VALUE DRIVER #4: RISK ASSOCIA TED WITH OPERA TIONS
The value of a company is a function of the risk in its cash flows. How risky is your firm, and
what do you expect to see happen to its cost of capital?
Do not wait too long to put a firm into stable growth. Both scale and competition conspire to
lower growth rates quickly at even the most promising growth companies. With Alphabet, the
10-year growth period assumed reflects optimism about the company’s growth prospects and
competitive advantages; after year 10, the growth rate is assumed to be 8 percent.
When you put your firm into stable growth, give it the characteristics of a stable growth firm:
With discount rates, as we noted in the last section, this will take the form of using lower costs
of debt and equity and a higher debt ratio. With reinvestment, the key assumption will be the
return on capital that we assume for the stable growth phase.
While some analysts believe that the return on capital should be set equal to the cost of capital in
stable growth, we would preserve some company-specific flexibility and suggest that the difference
between return on capital and cost of capital should narrow during stable growth to a sustainable
level. The networking benefits in Alphabet’s advertising business are assumed to give the company a
long-term advantage, translating into a return on invested capital of 15 percent after year 10, in
perpetuity. The resulting reinvestment rate and terminal value are reported here.
Table 7.4  Value of Operating Assets for Alphabet
Year Cost of
capitalCumulated cost of
capitalFCFF (in $
mil)Terminal value
(in $ mil)Present value (in
$ mil)
 1 11.27% 1.1127 $69,141  $62,138
 2 11.27% 1.2381 $76,891  $62,104
 3 11.27% 1.3776 $84,241  $61,149
 4 11.27% 1.5329 $92,274  $60,196
 5 11.27% 1.7057 $102,130  $59,877
 6 10.72% 1.8885 $108,048  $57,213
 7 10.36% 2.0841 $113,436  $54,428
 8 9.91% 2.2907 $118,175  $51,589
 9 9.45% 2.5072 $122,158  $48,724
10 9.00% 2.7328 $123,874 $1,997,213 $776,159
$1,293,577
Discounting the cash flows over the next 10 years (from Table 5.1 ) at the time-varying costs of
capital and including the present value of the terminal value yields a value of operating assets for
Alphabet of $1.293 trillion, as shown in Table 7.4 .
From Operating Asset Value to Equity Value per Share   As with young growth firms, to get from
operating asset value to equity value per share, we add back the cash balance at the company,
subtract out debt outstanding, and subtract out management options, before dividing by the
number of shares outstanding. For Alphabet, which has $113,762 million as a cash balance, $30,492
million in non-operating assets, and owes $14,701 million in debt, the value of equity is $1,422,130
million. As with young growth firms, to get from operating asset value to equity value per share, we
add back the cash balance at the company, subtract out debt outstanding, and subtract out
management options, before dividing by the number of shares outstanding. The company does not
have options outstanding, but we include restricted shares granted to employees in the number of
shares outstanding (12,610 million) to arrive at a value per share of $112.79.
This estimate assumes that the shares are all equivalent on dividend and voting rights. Some growth
firms continue to be controlled by their founder, who maintains control by holding on to shares with
disproportionate voting rights. If that is the case, you must adjust for the fact that voting shares
trade at a premium over nonvoting shares; studies indicate that the premium is about 5 to 10
percent at US companies. Alphabet has three classes of shares , with class A shares having one voting
right per share, class B shares ten voting rights, and class C shares having no voting rights. Since
class C shares are the ones that are most widely traded, you would expect these shares to trade at a
discount on the estimated value of $112.79. At the market price of $131 on the date of this valuation
(August 8, 2023), the stocks look overvalued.
Relative V aluation (Pricing)
Analysts valuing growth companies tend to use either revenue multiples or forward earnings
multiples. Each carries some danger. Revenue multiples are troubling simply because they gloss
over the fact that the company being valued could be losing significant amounts of money.
Consequently, we would suggest bringing the expected future profit margins into the discussion of
what constitutes a reasonable multiple of revenues. Forward earnings multiples implicitly assume
that the firm being valued will survive to the forward year and that the estimates of earnings for that
year are reasonable.
With growth firms, no matter how careful you are about constructing a set of comparable firms and
picking the right multiple, there will be significant differences across the firms on both the level and
the quality of expected growth, and all three ways described in Chapter 4  can be used to control for
differences.
1. The story:  When comparing the pricing of growth firms, analysts often try to explain why a
company trades at a higher multiple than comparable firms by pointing to its higher growth
potential. In 2023, for instance, Alphabet traded at a PE ratio of 27.74, the median for the
online advertising sector. Analysts are expecting earnings per share growth of 17.30%, slightly
higher than the median of 15.80% for the peer group, making Alphabet close to fairly priced, or
perhaps even mildly underpriced.
2. Adjusted multiples:  In the PEG ratio, the PE ratio is divided by expected growth in the future,
to estimate a growth-adjusted version of the PE ratio. In effect, a firm that trades at a lower
PEG ratio is cheaper than one that trades at a higher PEG ratio. Alphabet’s PEG ratio of just
about 1.6 (27.74/17.30) is at the median for the industry, again suggesting a fair pricing.
3. Statistical approaches:  When firms vary not only on expected growth but also on the quality of
that growth and risk, the first two approaches become difficult to apply. A multiple regression,
with the multiple as the dependent variable, and risk and growth as independent variables,
allows us to control for differences across firms on these dimensions. Regressing PE ratios
against expected growth and beta for firms in the technology sector, we obtain:
Plugging Alphabet’s growth rate (17.3%) into this regression:
At its existing PE ratio of 27.74, Alphabet looks underpriced. This is at odds with the intrinsic
valuation of the company, where the conclusion was that it was overvalued. There are lessons for
investors in both conclusions. Long-term investors can draw comfort from the intrinsic valuation,
but they should be ready for short-term turbulence, because of the pricing.
Value Plays
For a growth company to succeed, it has to scale up growth while preserving profit margins.
Expected revenue growth rates will tend to drop over time for all growth companies, but the
pace of the drop will vary across companies. For investing in growth companies to pay off, here
are a few things to look for.
Scalable growth:  As a firm becomes larger, growth rates will decline. Focus on firms that
are able to diversify their product offerings and cater to a wider customer base as they
grow. They will see more growth even as they scale up than firms that do not have this
capability.
Sustainable margins:  As firms become successful, there will be increased competition.
Look for firms that are able to preserve profit margins and returns as they grow and steer
away from firms that have to trade off lower margins and returns for higher growth.
The right price:  Great growth companies can be bad investments at the wrong price.
While multiples such as PEG ratios have their limitations, use them (low PEG ratios) to
screen for companies that are cheap.
Time can be your ally. Even the most worthy growth company will disappoint investors at some
point, delivering earnings that do not match up to lofty expectations. When that happens, there
will be investors who overreact, dumping their shares, and embarking on their search for the
next great growth story. The drop in price will offer you an opportunity to pick up the company
at the right price.
Chapter Eight
Valuation Viagra: Valuing Mature Companies
MATURE COMPANIES SUCH AS COCA COLA (KO), Unilever (UL),
and General Electric (GE) have been around for generations. They
should be easy to value, since they have long periods of operating
and market history, with established patterns of investment and
financing. But not all long-standing practice is good, and it is
possible that changing the way these companies are run can make a
difference in value. Coca Cola might be more valuable if it used more
debt funding, and Unilever’s value might increase if some of its
divisions were spun off as separate entities.
If growth companies get the bulk of their value from growth assets,
mature companies must get the bulk of their value from existing
investments. If we define mature companies thus, the threshold for
being a mature company will vary across markets and across time
(the threshold will be higher when economies slow down, as they did
in 2008 and 2009, and lower when economies are booming).
The common characteristics of mature companies are:
Revenue growth is approaching growth rate in the economy:
While the growth rate for earnings for mature firms can be high,
at least in some years, mature firms will register growth rates in
revenues that, if not equal to, will converge on the nominal
growth rate for the economy.
Margins are established:  Mature companies tend to have stable
margins, with the exceptions being commodity and cyclical
firms, where margins will vary as a function of macroeconomic
variables.
Diverse competitive advantages:  While some mature firms see
excess returns go to zero or become negative, other mature firms
retain significant competitive advantages (and excess returns).
For instance, Coca Cola uses its brand name to continue to
deliver high returns.
Debt capacity:  With more cash available for servicing debt, debt
capacity should increase for mature firms, though there can be
big differences in how firms react to this surge in debt capacity.
Some will choose not to exploit any or most of the debt capacity
and stick with financing policies that they established as growth
companies.
Cash build-up and return:  As earnings improve and
reinvestment needs drop off, mature companies will be
generating more cash from their operations than they need. If
these companies do not pay more dividends, cash balances will
start accumulating in these firms.
Acquisition-driven growth:  As companies get larger and
investment opportunities internally do not provide the growth
boost that they are used to, one quick fix used by these firms is
to buy growth: acquisitions of other companies can provide
boosts to revenues and earnings.
Not all mature companies are large companies. Many small
companies reach their growth ceiling quickly and essentially stay on
as small mature firms.
Valuation Issues
When valuing mature companies, investors are often lulled into
believing that the numbers from the past (operating margins, returns
on capital) are reasonable estimates of what existing assets will
continue to generate in the future. However, past earnings reflect
how the firm was managed over the period. To the extent that
managers may not have made the right investment or financing
choices, the reported earnings may be lower than what would be
generated under better management. If such a management change
is on the horizon, investors will undervalue existing assets using
reported numbers. A secondary challenge is that mature companies
are more likely to turn to acquisitions for growth. As a general rule,
the value of acquisition-driven growth is much more difficult to
assess than the value of internal or organic growth.
With mature companies, you have a luxury of riches when it comes
to pricing. You can estimate revenues, earnings, and book value
multiples and compare how a company is priced relative to other
companies like it, but challenges remain.
Too many choices:  The same company can be assigned very
different values, depending on whether we are using a firm or
equity multiple, whether that multiple is stated as a function of
revenues, earnings, or book value, and the companies we pick to
be its comparable firms. With mature firms, the problem we face
is not that we cannot estimate a relative value but that there are
too many values to pick from.
Management change:  The multiples that we compute of
revenues, earnings, and book value reflect the firm as it is
managed today. To the extent that changing the management of
the firm could change these numbers, we will undervalue badly
managed firms with current numbers.
Acquisition noise:  The accounting aftermath of acquisitions—
the creation of goodwill as an asset and its subsequent treatment
—can affect both earnings and book value, making multiples
based on either number dicey.
Changing financial leverage:  Mature companies are capable of
making large changes to their debt ratios overnight—debt for
equity swaps, recapitalizations—and equity multiples, such as
PE and price-to-book ratios, will change more as financial
leverage changes than enterprise value or firm multiples. A stock
buyback, funded with debt, can reduce equity dramatically (by
reducing the shares outstanding) but will have a much smaller
impact on enterprise value (since we are replacing equity with
debt). For the same reason, equity earnings (earnings per share,
net income) will change when firms alter debt ratios.
Valuation Solutions
If the key to valuing mature companies is assessing the potential
increase in value from changing the way they are run, these changes
can be categorized broadly into three groups: changes in operations,
changes in financial structure, and changes in nonoperating assets.
Operating Restructuring
When valuing a company, our forecasts of earnings and cash flows
are built on assumptions about how the company will be run. The
value of the operating assets of the firm is a function of three
variables—cash flows from assets in place, expected growth, and the
length of the growth period—and each can be altered by management
policies.
Cash flow from existing assets:  If existing investments are being
operated inefficiently, cutting costs and improving employee
productivity or redeploying assets to new uses can increase cash
flows.
Expected growth rate:  Firms can increase their long-term
growth by either reinvesting more (higher reinvestment rate) or
reinvesting better (higher return on capital). They can also
improve returns on existing assets to generate short-term
efficiency growth. For some mature firms with low returns on
capital (especially when returns are less than the cost of capital),
it is possible, perhaps even likely, that value will increase when
these firms reinvest less and settle for lower growth in the
future.
Length of the high growth period:  The longer a firm can
maintain high growth and excess returns, the higher will be its
value. One way firms can increase value is by augmenting
existing barriers to entry and coming up with new competitive
advantages.
Financial Restructuring
Two aspects of financing affect the cost of capital and through it, the
value that we derive for a firm. First, we will look at how changes in
the mix of debt and equity used to fund operations affect the cost of
capital. Second, we will look at how the choices of financing (in terms
of seniority, maturity, currency, and other features) may affect the
cost of funding and value.
VALUE DRIVER #1: OPERA TING SLACK
Improving your stewardship of assets can generate large payoffs.
What is the scope for improvements in your firm’s operations?
The trade-off between debt and equity is simple. Interest expenses
are tax deductible and cash flows to equity are not, making debt
more attractive, relative to equity, as the marginal tax rate rises. Debt
can also operate as a disciplinary mechanism on managers in mature
firms; managers are less likely to make bad investments if they must
make interest expenses each period. On the other side of the ledger,
debt has three disadvantages. The first is an expected bankruptcy
cost, since as debt increases, so does the probability of bankruptcy.
But what is the cost of bankruptcy? One is the direct cost of going
bankrupt, such as legal fees and court costs, which can eat up a
significant portion of the value of a bankrupt firm. The more
devastating cost is the effect of being perceived as being in financial
trouble: customers may stop buying your products, suppliers may
demand cash for goods, and employees may abandon ship, creating a
downward spiral for the firm that can destroy it. The second is an
agency cost , arising from different and competing interests of equity
investors and lenders in a firm. Equity investors see more upside
from risky investments than lenders do. As lenders become aware of
this conflict of interest, they protect themselves by either writing
covenants into loan agreements or charging higher interest rates.
Putting this trade-off into practice requires us to try to quantify both
the costs and benefits of debt.
In the cost of capital approach, the optimal financing mix is the one
that minimizes a company’s cost of capital. Replacing equity with
debt has the positive effect of replacing a more expensive mode of
funding (equity) with a less expensive one (debt), but in the process
the increased risk in both debt and equity will push up the costs of
both components. The cost of capital approach relies on sustainable
cash flow to determine the optimal debt ratio. The more stable and
predictable a company’s cash flow and the greater the magnitude of
these cash flows—as a percentage of enterprise value—the higher the
company’s optimal debt ratio can be. Furthermore, the most
significant benefit of debt is the tax benefit. Higher tax rates should
lead to higher debt ratios.
To illustrate this process, we look at Unilever’s cost of capital, as a
function of changing debt ratios, in August 2023. Unilever’s debt
ratio at the time was 16.84 percent, with a cost of capital of 9.91%.
Using the cost of capital approach in Table 8.1  yields an optimal debt
ratio of around 30 percent debt, with cost of capital minimized at
9.88%, for Unilever in August 2023.
Table 8.1  Cost of Capital and Debt Ratios for Unilever
Debt
ratioBeta Cost of
equityCost of debt (after
tax)WACC
 0% 0.90 10.13%   4.11% 10.13%
10% 0.98 10.64%   4.11% 9.99%
16.84% 1.05 11.06%   4.20% 9.91%
20% 1.07 11.28%   4.43% 9.91%
30% 1.19 12.10%   4.71% 9.88%
40% 1.35 13.20% 10.62% 12.17%
50% 1.63 15.08% 14.15% 14.61%
60% 2.05 17.94% 15.90% 16.72%
70% 2.74 22.59% 16.31% 18.19%
80% 4.11 31.89% 16.61% 19.67%
90% 8.21 59.77% 16.85% 21.14%
The beta and cost of equity for Unilever rise as the debt ratio
increases. The after-tax cost of debt also rises as the higher debt ratio
increases default risk, and the tax benefits fade as debt ratios become
higher than 50 percent. Note also that the savings from moving from
the current debt ratio to the optimal results in only a trivial decline in
the cost of capital.
VALUE DRIVER #2: FINANCIAL  SLACK
Changing the mix of debt and equity and the type of debt can
change value. Does your firm have the right mix of debt and
equity?
Firms that mismatch cash flows on debt and cash flows on assets (by
using short-term debt to finance long-term assets, debt in one
currency to finance assets in a different currency, or floating rate
debt to finance assets whose cash flows tend to be adversely affected
by higher inflation) will end up with higher default risk, higher costs
of capital, and lower firm values. Companies often use a bewildering
array of debt and justify this complexity on the basis of cheapness,
defined purely in terms of interest payments. If firms can reduce
debt/asset mismatches, default risk can be decreased and firm value
can be increased.
Nonoperating Assets
A significant chunk of a firm’s value comes from its nonoperating
assets—cash and marketable securities and holdings in other
companies. While cash and marketable securities are by themselves
neutral investments, earning a fair rate of return (a low one but a fair
one given the risk and liquidity of the investments), there are two
scenarios where a large cash balance can be value destructive. The
first is when cash is invested at below market rates. A firm with $2
billion in a cash balance held in a non-interest-bearing checking
account is clearly hurting its stockholders. The second arises if
investors are concerned that cash will be misused by management.
In either case, investors will discount cash; a dollar in cash will be
valued at less than a dollar. Returning cash to stockholders in the
form of dividends or stock buybacks will make stockholders better
off.
Firms with substantial cross-holdings in diverse businesses may find
these holdings being undervalued by the market. In some cases, this
undervaluation can be blamed on information gaps, caused by the
failure to convey important details on growth, risk, and cash flows on
y p g
cross-holdings to the markets. In other cases, it may reflect market
skepticism about the parent company’s capacity to manage its cross-
holding portfolio; consider this a conglomerate discount. If such a
discount applies, the prescription for increased value is simple.
Spinning off or divesting the cross-holdings and thus exposing their
true value should make stockholders in the parent company better
off.
Can Changing Management Change Value?
To examine the interaction between management and value, first
examine the effects of changing management on value, and then the
likelihood that change will happen. If we estimate a value for the
firm, assuming that existing management practices continue, and
call this a status quo value and reestimate the value of the same firm,
assuming that it is optimally managed, and call this the optimal
value, the value of changing management can be written as:
The value of changing management will be zero in a firm that is
already optimally managed and substantial for a firm that is badly
managed. Suboptimal management can manifest itself in different
ways for different firms, and the pathway to value creation will vary
across firms. For firms where existing assets are poorly managed, the
increase in value will be primarily from managing those assets more
efficiently—higher cash flows from these assets and efficiency
growth. For firms where investment policy is sound but financing
policy is not, the increase in value will come from changing the mix
of debt and equity and a lower cost of capital. For Unilever, consider
two valuations for the company: The existing management of the
company has preserved the status quo, delivering low growth with
stable margins for the last decade. It has also chosen to have less
debt (16.84 percent debt ratio) relative to its optimal debt ratio of
about 30 percent. Valuing the company under the status quo yields a
value of 42.44 euros a share. A new management in place that is
willing to prune its flagging brands can improve margins to 20%
while holding on to growth and financing policies (higher debt ratio
of 30 percent) generates a value of 49.05 euros per share. Thus, the
overall value of control is 6.61 euros/share at the company.
There is a strong bias toward preserving incumbent management at
firms, even when there is widespread agreement that the
management is incompetent or does not have stockholder interests
at heart. This bias can be traced to legal restrictions on takeovers,
institutional constraints on raising capital to challenge managers,
anti-takeover or control clauses in corporate charters, shares with
different voting rights, and complex cross-holding structures.
Notwithstanding these barriers to action, there are companies where
the top management is replaced either internally (by the board and
stockholders) or externally (through acquisitions). Often, these
changes are triggered by activist investors , who can challenge and, in
some cases, replace managers. If you take a closer look at these
firms, you will notice that management change is more likely to
occur at firms with poor stock price and earnings performance, small
and independent boards of directors, high institutional (and low
insider) stockholdings, and that operate in competitive sectors.
VALUE DRIVER #3: PROBABILITY  OF MANAGEMENT
CHANGE
For value to change, management has to change. What is the
likelihood of management change at your firm?
Activist investors have targeted Unilever during the last decade,
pushing for cost cuts, a pruning of brand names, and fewer
acquisitions. In fact, Unilever has seen change at the top as a
consequence, and it is likely that more change is on the horizon.
Assume that you live in a world where management change never
happens and that the market is reasonably efficient about assessing
the values of the firms that it prices. In this scenario, every company
will trade at its status quo value, reflecting both the strengths and
weaknesses of existing management. Now assume that you introduce
the likelihood of management change into this market, either in the
form of hostile acquisitions or CEO changes. If you define the value
of the company under existing management as the status quo value
and under new management as the optimal value, the stock price of
every firm should be a weighted average:
The degree to which this will affect stock prices will vary widely
across firms and markets, with the expected value of control being
greatest for badly managed firms where there is a high likelihood of
management turnover and in markets where corporate governance is
stronger.
To the extent that the expected value of control is already built into
the market value, anything that causes market perception of the
likelihood of management change to shift can have large effects on
all stocks. A hostile acquisition of one company, for instance, may
lead investors to change their assessments of the likelihood of
management change for all companies in the sector and to an
increase in stock prices. If you define corporate governance as the
power to change the management of badly managed companies,
stock prices in a market where corporate governance is effective will
reflect a high likelihood of change for bad management and a higher
expected value for control. In contrast, it is difficult, if not
impossible, to dislodge managers in markets where corporate
governance is weak. Stock prices in these markets will therefore
incorporate lower expected values for control. The differences in
corporate governance are likely to manifest themselves most in the
worst-managed firms in the market.
Earlier, we estimated two values for Unilever: 42.44 euros/share
with existing management (status quo value) and 49.05 euros with
more aggressive managers in place (optimal value), and a probability
of 60 percent that management will change. The resulting value is:
The actual market price at the time of this valuation was about 52.26
euros per share. Note that while it is much higher than the status quo
value of 42.44 Euros/share, the fairer comparison is to the expected
value, and it remains overvalued, albeit less so.
Value Plays
There are two value plays with mature companies. The first is the
classic “passive value” strategy that traces its roots to Ben
Graham and Warren Buffett, where you invest in well-managed
companies that deliver solid earnings and reasonable growth, but
that investors have turned sour on, either in reaction to a recent
news event (earnings report) or because these firms are not the
flavor of the moment or are boring.
Another way to profit from these companies—and this is a more
perverse strategy—is to look for those firms that are poorly
managed but could be worth more under better management. To
find these companies, consider the following.
Performance indicators:  The worse managed a firm is, the
greater the potential for increasing value. Look for firms with
low operating margins relative to the sector, low returns on
capital relative to cost of capital, and very low debt ratios.
Potential for management change:  You have to change
management for value to increase. Search for companies
where the field is not tilted in management’s favor (with
voting right differences or anti-takeover amendments) and
where management change, if not imminent, is at least
possible.
Early warning system:  If everyone else in the market sees
what you do (potential for value and management change),
you will not gain much. Focus on firms where there is a
catalyst for management change: an ageing CEO, a new
investor on the board of directors, or a change in the
corporate charter.
If you are right in your assessment, you don’t have to wait for
the management change to happen. The payoff on your
investment will occur when the rest of the market recognizes
that change is likely and pushes up the stock price to reflect
that change.
Chapter Nine
Doomsday: Valuing Declining Companies
IN THE 1960S, GENERAL MOTORS (GM) was the engine that drove the US
economy, but in 2009 it was a distressed company facing bankruptcy. Sears
Roebuck (SHLD), a company that invented mail order retailing, has been shutting
down stores over the last few years as its customers have moved to competitors. As
companies age and see their markets shrink and investment opportunities
dissipate, they enter the final phase of the life cycle, which is decline. While
investors and analysts often avoid these firms, they may offer lucrative investment
opportunities for long-term investors with strong stomachs.
Growth companies do not want to mature, and mature companies constantly try to
rediscover their growth roots. By the same token, no mature company wants to go
into decline, with the accompanying loss of earnings and value. So how would we
differentiate between mature firms and firms in decline? Firms in decline generally
have little in terms of growth potential and even their existing assets often deliver
returns lower than their cost of capital; they are value destroying. The best-case
scenario is for orderly decline and liquidation, and the worst case is that they go
bankrupt, unable to cover debt obligations.
Declining companies tend to share common characteristics, and these shared
features create problems for analysts trying to value these firms.
Stagnant or declining revenues:  Flat revenues or revenues that grow at less
than the inflation rate are an indicator of operating weakness. It is even more
telling if these patterns in revenues apply not only to the company being
analyzed but to the overall sector, thus eliminating the explanation that the
weakness is due to poor management.
Shrinking or negative margins:  Declining firms often lose pricing power and
see their margins shrink as they lose market share to more aggressive
competitors.
Asset divestitures:  Since existing assets are sometimes worth more to other
investors, who intend to put them to different and better uses, asset
divestitures will be more frequent at declining firms, and especially so if these
firms owe money.
Big payouts—dividends and stock buybacks:  Declining firms have little need
for reinvestment and are thus often able to pay out large dividends, sometimes
exceeding their earnings, and also buy back stock.
Financial leverage—the downside:  If debt is a double-edged sword, declining
firms often are exposed to the wrong edge. With stagnant and declining
earnings from existing assets and little potential for earnings growth, debt
burdens can become overwhelming.
Valuing declining and distressed companies require us to balance their declining
fortunes with the need to return cash to both their stockholders and lenders.
Valuation Issues
The historical data is depressing, with existing investments generating flat or even
declining revenues accompanied by falling margins. In the aggregate, the company
may be generating returns on capital that are less than its cost of capital. Rather
than investing in new assets, the firm may be shedding assets and shrinking,
altering both its asset mix and often its financing mix. As the business and
financing mix of the firm changes, its risk characteristics will also change, altering
its costs of equity and capital. Even if you overcome these challenges and estimate
expected cash flow for a declining firm, you must consider the possibility that the
firm being valued will not make it to stable growth; many distressed firms will
default and go out of business or be liquidated. Even if a firm is expected to
survive, the expected growth rate in perpetuity may not only be well below the
growth rate of the economy and inflation, but also in some cases it can even be
negative. Essentially, the firm will continue to exist but get progressively smaller
over time as its market shrinks.
Analysts who fall back on relative valuation as a solution to the problems of
valuing declining or distressed firms, using intrinsic valuation, will find themselves
confronting these estimation issues when they use multiples and comparable
firms:
Scaling variable:  Earnings and book values can become inoperative very
quickly, with both numbers becoming negative; repeated losses can drive the
book value of equity down and into negative territory.
Comparable firms:  When the other firms in the business are healthy and
growing, the challenge is working out a discount for the declining firm relative
to the values being attached to healthy firms. In a sector where many or even
all the firms are in decline, not only do your choices of what multiple to use
become more limited, but you must consider how best to adjust for the degree
of decline in a firm.
Incorporating distress:  Firms that have a higher likelihood of distress will
trade at lower values (and hence at lower multiples) than firms that are more
likely to make it. That does not make them cheap.
The symptoms of decline caused by too much debt and declining earnings will not
disappear just because we base our value on a revenue multiple.
Valuation Solutions
Flat revenues, declining margins, and the potential for distress make valuing
distressed companies tricky. In this section, we will look at how best to navigate
the challenges in both the intrinsic and relative valuation framework.
Intrinsic V aluation
We will build our analysis of declining firms around two key questions. The first is
whether the decline that we are observing in a firm’s operations is reversible or
permanent. In some cases, a firm may be in a tailspin but can pull out of it with a
new management team in place. The second relates to whether the firm faces a
significant possibility of distress; not all declining firms are distressed. We will
incorporate both conclusions into an adapted version of the intrinsic valuation
model. To illustrate the process, we will value Bed Bath & Beyond, a retail
company that, like many other companies in the US retail space, found its fortunes
upended by online retailing and changing customer tastes. The company, which
became a mainstay of US retailing in the 1990s, had seen its annual revenues drop
from $12.3 billion in 2017 to $7.4 billion in 2023, and its operating profits of $1.55
billion in 2014 become operating losses of $386 million in 2022. The company has
tried to adapt by shutting down non-performing stores, but revenues even at many
of its best-performing stores saw year-to-year declines.
In conventional discounted cash flow valuation , you value the business as a going
concern and assume that there is only a small probability of bankruptcy or that
capital markets are open, accessible, and liquid. If the likelihood of distress is high,
access to capital is constrained (by internal or external factors), and distress sale
proceeds are significantly lower than going-concern values, discounted cash flow
valuations will overstate firm and equity value for distressed firms, even if the cash
flows and the discount rates are correctly estimated. An augmentation to the
standard discounted cash flow model is to separate the going-concern assumptions
and the value that emerges from it from the effects of distress. To value the effects
of distress, first value the firm as a going concern, and then estimate the
cumulative probability that the firm will become distressed over the forecast
period and the proceeds you expect to get from the sale.
The first step is to value a firm on the assumption that it will stay a going concern.
Thus, you estimate expected revenues, operating margins, and taxes for the firm,
on the assumption that the firm will recover to health, operating under the
constraint that it will be limited in its capacity to reinvest. In making these
estimates, you must be realistic in considering what health will look like for the
declining firm: it may very well require the firm to shrink and settle for little or no
growth in the long term. When estimating discount rates, you must assume that
debt ratios will, in fact, decrease over time if the firm is over-levered, and that the
firm will derive tax benefits from debt as it turns the corner toward profitability.
p y
This is consistent with the assumption that the firm will remain a going concern.
To value Bed Bath & Beyond (BBBYQ) as a going concern, we assumed that
revenues would continue to decline for the next five years, with a 10% drop in the
first year followed by 5% declines in the next four years, before the company finds
a retail model that works, allowing it to grow at 3% a year. We also assumed that
this new business model would be able to generate an operating margin of 5.54%,
the US retail industry average, but only after year 5. In this transition, we expect
that BBBYQ will close stores, recovering some of the capital tied up in these store
leases and settings, and as the company reverts back to health, its cost of capital
will drop from 8.79 percent to 7.50 percent, towards the 75th percentile of costs of
capital for US retailers. The effect of these changes is reflected in Table 9.1 .
To complete the valuation, we will assume that Bed Bath & Beyond will be in stable
growth after year 10, growing at 3 percent a year (set equal to the risk-free rate
cap) forever. We will also assume that the return on capital will be 7.5 percent in
perpetuity, set equal to the stable period cost of capital of 7.5 percent.
Table 9.1  Value of Operating Assets for Bed Bath & Beyond
 Revenues Operating
marginEBIT EBIT
×
(1 − t)Reinvestment FCFF Cost
of
capital
 1 $7,081 −1.00% −$70.81 −$71 $0 −$71 8.79%
 2 $6,727 1.62% $108.72 $109 −$177 $286 8.79%
 3 $6,391 2.92% $186.89 $187 −$168 $355 8.79%
 4 $6,071 4.23% $256.96 $257 −$160 $417 8.79%
 5 $5,768 5.54% $319.56 $244 −$152 $396 8.79%
 6 $5,572 5.54% $308.69 $232 −$98 $330 8.53%
 7 $5,471 5.54% $303.14 $227 −$50 $277 8.27%
 8 $5,460 5.54% $302.53 $227 −$5 $232 8.01%
 9 $5,537 5.54% $306.77 $230 $38 $192 7.76%
10 $5,703 5.54% $315.97 $237 $83 $154 7.50%
Terminal
year$5,874 5.54% $325.45 $244 $73 $171 7.50%
This value is based on the presumption that while Bed Bath & Beyond is in trouble,
with their existing business model, the business (retailing) itself will be re-created
to be a viable and growing part of the economy. There are some businesses, such as
tobacco and fossil fuels, where you may believe that the entire business is in long-
term decline, and in these businesses, you should consider making the stable
growth rate a negative number, effectively shrinking the company over time, to
nothing.
Discounting the cash flows in Table 8.1  at the cumulative cost of capital and adding
the present value of the terminal value generates a value of $3,097 million for the
operating assets. Adding cash ($440 million), subtracting out the market value of
debt ($3,085 million), and dividing by the number of shares outstanding (92.5
million) yields a value for the equity of $4.89 per share.
The second step is to estimate the cumulative probability of distress over the
valuation period. A simple approach to doing this is to use the bond rating for a
firm and the history of default rates of firms in that rating class to estimate the
probability of distress. Moody’s estimated the cumulative probabilities of default
for bonds in different ratings classes over 5- and 10-year periods following
issuance; these estimates are listed in Table 9.2 .
VALUE DRIVER #1: GOING-CONCERN V ALUE
Some declining and distressed firms make it back to health. If your firm is one
of those, what will it be worth as a going concern?
Table 9.2  Bond Rating and Probability of Default: 1920–2022
Moody’s Rating Within 5 years Within 10 years
Aaa  0.10%  0.70%
Aa  0.60%  1.80%
A  1.00%  2.70%
Baa  2.30%  5.20%
Ba  8.30% 16.40%
B 19.30% 31.90%
Caa-C 31.50% 46.00%
As elaboration, Bed Bath & Beyond had a rating of B in 2022, and the cumulative
default probability for a B rated bond is 31.90 percent over the next 10 years. This
approach works for distressed and declining companies that are rated by the major
ratings agencies, but in the absence of a rating, you will need to be more creative.
VALUE DRIVER #2: LIKELIHOOD OF DISTRESS
Most declining and distressed firms don’t make it back to health. What is the
likelihood that your firm will fail?
As a third step, we must consider the logical follow-up question to estimating the
probability of distress. What happens then? It is not distress per se that is the
problem but the fact that firms in distress must sell their assets for less than the
present value of the expected future cash flows from existing assets and expected
future investments. Often, they may be unable to claim even the present value of
the cash flows generated by existing investments. Consequently, a key input that
we need to estimate is the expected proceeds in the event of a distress sale. One
practical way of estimating distress sale proceeds is to consider them as a percent
of book value of assets, based on the experience of other distressed firms. For
businesses whose value comes more from intangible assets than from physical
assets that can be liquidated, distress proceeds can be stated as a percent of fair
value.
For Bed Bath & Beyond, we will assume that in the event of distress, it will receive
only a quarter of its fair value, which results in a distress sale value of $774 million
(a quarter of its fair value of $3,097 million). Adding the current cash balance of
$440 million generates proceeds far less than the face value of $3,085 million for
the debt; thus, the equity investors would receive nothing in the event of a distress
sale. While the value per share as a going concern (from a discounted cash flow
valuation) is $4.89, adjusting for the likelihood of default of 31.90 percent (based
on its B bond rating) yields an adjusted value of $3.33.
This was significantly lower than the stock price of $8.79 at the time of the
valuation.
There is one final consideration that may affect equity value. In healthy companies,
you buy equity for expected cash flows: dividends, stock buybacks, or even cash
accumulation in the firm. In distressed companies, you invest in the stock for a
different reason: the hope that the company will turn its business around and be
able to return to health. In effect, the fact that the stock price cannot fall below
zero and that equity investors get whatever is left over after lenders have been paid
gives equity in distressed companies the characteristics of a call option. In firms
with substantial debt and a significant potential for bankruptcy, the option value of
equity may be more than the discounted cash flow value of equity. The implication
of viewing equity as a call option is that equity will have value, even if the value of
the firm falls well below the face value of the outstanding debt. This will especially
be the case when the firm is in a risky business (risk increases the likelihood that
the value of the assets will rise in the future) and has long-term debt (the option
has more time to pay off ).
VALUE DRIVER #3: CONSEQUENCES OF DISTRESS
In the event of failure, the assets of the firm will be sold and the distress
proceeds used to pay down debt. Assuming distress occurs at your firm, what
are the consequences?
Relative V aluation (Pricing)
There are two ways in which relative valuation can be adapted to distressed or
declining companies. In the first, you compare a distressed company’s valuation to
the valuations of other distressed companies. In the second, you use healthy
companies as comparable companies but find a way to adjust for the distress that
the firm you are valuing is facing.
To value a distressed firm, you can find a group of distressed firms in the same
business and look at how much the market is willing to pay for them. For instance,
you could value a troubled telecom firm by looking at the enterprise value to sales
(or book capital) multiples at which other troubled telecommunication firms trade.
While there is promise in this approach, it works only if many firms in a sector slip
into financial trouble at the same time. In addition, by categorizing firms as
distressed or not distressed, you run the risk of lumping together firms that are
distressed to different degrees. Comparing Bed Bath & Beyond to other retail firms
in 2022, the only multiples that can be computed, given its losses, are revenue
multiples (EV to sales or price to sales). On that basis, trading at just about half its
revenues (an EV-to-sales ratio of 0.5), the company looks cheap relative to the
retail sector, where the average EV-to-sales ratio was 0.81 in 2022, but that does
not take into account the declining revenues and impending distress at the
company.
Akin to the approach used with discounted cash flow valuation, you can value the
distressed firm by highlighting healthy firms in the business as comparable firms
and looking at how they are priced. To value the distressed company, you assume
that the firm reverts back to health, and you forecast revenues or operating income
in a future year. You estimate an expected value in the future time period and
discount this value back to the present to get a going-concern value for the firm.
You then bring in the probability of distress and the distress sale proceeds to value
the firm today, with both inputs being estimated as they were in the last section.
To value Bed Bath & Beyond using this approach, we first estimate revenues of
$5,703 million in year 10 if the firm makes it back to health. Applying the retail
industry-average EV/sales multiple of 0.81 in 2022, we obtain a value of $4,619
million 10 years from now:
Discounting back to today (at the costs of capital from Table 8.1 ) yields a value of
$2,062 million. In the event of distress, the sale proceeds from asset sales are
expected to be only $1,214 million. Adjusting for the probability and effect of
distress results in an enterprise value of $6,277 million today.
Adding cash and subtracting out debt yields a negative value for equity, suggesting
that on a pricing basis, if you control for distress and time value, equity in Bed
Bath & Beyond should be worth nothing in 2022.
Value Plays
Investors with long time horizons and strong stomachs can use two strategies
with declining companies. The first is to invest in declining companies, where
the decline is inevitable and management recognizes that fact. While there will
be little price appreciation from your equity investments, you will get large
cash flows, as assets are divested, and the cash used for dividends and stock
buybacks. In effect, your stock will behave like a high-yield bond.
The second is to make a turnaround play, where you invest in declining or
distressed companies with the hope that they revert to health and, in the
process, deliver substantial upside. To pull off this strategy, you should
consider the following.
a. Operating potential:  A firm with solid operating assets can become
distressed because of its overuse of debt. Search for overleveraged firms
with valuable assets in otherwise healthy businesses.
b. Debt restructuring:  For overleveraged firms to recover, there has to be a
reduction in the debt burden, coming either from improving operating
performance or renegotiation of the debt terms. Look for firms where debt
restructuring is being actively pursued and where the likelihood of success
is high.
c. Access to new capital:  Survival becomes much easier if a distressed firm
can raise new capital. Focus on firms that have more access to equity or
bank financing to improve your odds of success.
If you do invest in distressed companies, your hope is that those companies
that manage to turn themselves around will offer high enough returns to cover
your losses on the many companies that will fail.
Breaking the Mold—Special
Situations in Valuation
Chapter Ten
Bank on It: Valuing Financial Service Companies
THROUGH THE DECADES, BANKS and insurance companies have been touted as good
investments for risk-averse investors who value dividends. Invest in Citigroup (CITI) and
American Insurance Group (AIG), they were told, and your investment will be safe. Not only
did these firms pay large and stable dividends, but they were considered safe because they
were regulated. The banking crisis of 2008 revealed that even regulated firms can be guilty of
reckless risk taking. While some of these firms may be good investments, buyers must do their
homework, assessing the sustainability of dividends and the underlying risk.
Financial service businesses fall into four groups, depending on how they make their money. A
bank  makes money on the spread between the interest it pays to those from whom it raises
funds and the interest it charges those who borrow from it and from other services it offers to
depositors and its lenders. Insurance companies  make their income in two ways. One is
through the premiums they receive from those who buy insurance protection from them and
the other is income from the investment portfolios that they maintain to service the claims. An
investment bank  provides advice and supporting products for other firms to raise capital from
financial markets or to consummate transactions (acquisitions, divestitures). Investment
firms  provide investment advice or manage portfolios for clients. Their income comes from
advisory fees for the advice and management and sales fees for investment portfolios. With the
consolidation in the financial services sector, an increasing number of firms operate in more
than one of these businesses.
Financial service firms are regulated all over the world, and these regulations take three forms.
First, banks and insurance companies are required to meet regulatory capital ratios, computed
based on the book value of equity, to ensure that they do not expand beyond their means and
put their claimholders or depositors at risk. Second, financial service firms are often
constrained in terms of where they can invest their funds. For instance, until a decade ago, the
Glass-Steagall Act in the United States restricted commercial banks from investment banking
activities as well as from taking active equity positions in nonfinancial service firms. Third, the
entry of new firms into the business is often controlled by the regulatory authorities, as are
mergers between existing firms.
The accounting rules used to measure earnings and record book value are also different for
financial service firms than those for the rest of the market. The assets of financial service
firms tend to be financial instruments such as bonds and securitized obligations. Since the
market price is observable for many of these investments, accounting rules have tilted toward
using market value for these assets— marked to market,  so to speak.
Valuation Issues
There are two primary challenges in valuing banks, investment banks, or insurance
companies. The first is that drawing a distinction between debt and equity is difficult for
financial service firms. When we talk about capital for nonfinancial service firms, we tend to
talk about both debt and equity. With a financial service firm, debt has a different connotation.
Debt to a bank its raw material, something to be molded into other products that can then be
sold at a higher price and yield a profit. In fact, the definition of what comprises debt also is
murkier with a financial service firm than it is with a nonfinancial service firm, since deposits
made by customers into their checking accounts at a bank technically meet the criteria for
debt. Consequently, capital at financial service firms must be narrowly defined as including
only equity capital, a definition reinforced by the regulatory authorities, who evaluate the
equity capital ratios of banks and insurance firms.
Defining cash flow for a bank is also difficult, even if it is defined as cash flows to equity.
Measuring net capital expenditures and working capital can be problematic. Unlike
manufacturing firms, which invest in plant, equipment, and other fixed assets, financial
service firms invest primarily in intangible assets such as brand name and human capital.
Consequently, their investments for future growth often are treated as operating expenses in
accounting statements. If we define working capital as the difference between current assets
and current liabilities, a large proportion of a bank's balance sheet would fall into one or the
other of these categories. Changes in this number can be both large and volatile and may have
no relationship to reinvestment for future growth.
The same issues raise their head in relative valuation. Multiples based on enterprise value are
very difficult, if not impossible, to compute for financial service firms. Controlling for
differences in growth and risk is also more difficult, largely because accounting statements are
opaque.
Valuation Solutions
If you cannot clearly delineate how much a financial service firm owes and what its cash flows
are, how can you ever get an estimate of value? We deploy the same techniques in both
intrinsic and relative valuation to overcome these problems: we value equity (rather than the
firm) and use dividends, the only observable cash flow.
Intrinsic V aluation
If you accept the propositions that capital at a bank should be narrowly defined to include only
equity and that cash flows to equity are difficult (if not impossible) to compute because net
capital expenditures and working capital cannot be defined, you are left with only one option:
the dividend discount model . While we will spend the bulk of this section talking about using
dividends, we will present two other alternatives. One is to adapt the free cash flow to equity
measure to define reinvestment as the increased regulatory capital required to sustain growth.
The other is to keep the focus on what financial service firms generate as a return on equity,
relative to the cost of equity, and to value these excess returns.
Dividend Discount Models  In the basic dividend discount model, the value of a stock is the
present value of the expected dividends on that stock. For a stable growth dividend-paying
firm, the value of a stock can be written as follows:
In the more general case, where dividends are growing at a rate that is not expected to be
sustainable or constant forever during a period, we can still value the stock in two pieces: the
present value (PV) of dividends during the high growth phase and the present value of the
price at the end of the period, assuming perpetual growth. The dividend discount model is
intuitive and has deep roots in equity valuation, and there are three sets of inputs in the
dividend discount model that determine the value of equity. The first is the cost of equity that
we use to discount cash flows, with the possibility that the cost may vary across time, at least
for some firms. The second is the proportion of earnings that we assume will be paid out in
dividends; this is the dividend payout ratio, and higher payout ratios will translate into more
dividends for any given level of earnings. The third is the expected growth rate in dividends
over time, which will be a function of the earnings growth rate and the accompanying payout
ratio. In addition to estimating each set of inputs well, we also need to ensure that the inputs
are consistent with each other.
The cost of equity for a financial service firm has to reflect the portion of the risk in the equity
that cannot be diversified away by the marginal investor in the stock. There are three
estimation notes that we need to keep in mind when making estimates of the cost of equity for
a financial service firm.
Use sector betas:  The large numbers of publicly traded firms in this domain should make
estimating sector betas much easier.
Adjust for regulatory and business risk : To reflect regulatory differences, define the
sector narrowly; thus, look at the average beta across banks with similar business models.
Financial service firms that expand into riskier businesses—securitization, trading, and
investment banking—should have different (and higher) betas for these segments, and the
beta for the company should reflect this higher risk.
Consider the relationship between risk and growth:  Expect high-growth banks to have
higher betas (and costs of equity) than mature banks. In valuing such banks, start with
higher costs of equity, but as you reduce growth, also reduce betas and costs of equity.
Consider a valuation of Citigroup, one of the largest commercial banks in the United States, in
May 2023. We used a cost of equity of 11.67% in the valuation, with that number reflecting an
implied cost of equity for large banks collectively, based on their pricing (price-to-book ratios)
and returns on equity:
Median price to book for big banks in May 2023 = 1.04.
Median return on equity for big banks in May 2023 = 12.00%.
Expected growth rate in perpetuity = 3.3% (set equal to risk-free rate).
As we noted in Chapter 3 , in the relative valuation (pricing section):
There is one final point that bears emphasizing here. The cost of equity across large banks
reflects the assumption that Citigroup, at least in 2023, was about as risky as the average large
bank in the United States. If you are valuing a bank that is riskier or safer than the average
bank, one way to incorporate this is to look at distribution of the implied costs of equity across
banks and use a cost of equity at the 75th percentile for the riskier banks and at the 25th
percentile for safer banks.
VALUE DRIVER #1: EQUITY  RISK
While financial service firms may all be regulated, they are not equally risky. How does
your firm's risk profile compare to that of the average firm in the sector?
There is an inherent trade-off between dividends and growth. When a company pays a larger
segment of its earnings as dividends, it is reinvesting less and should thus grow more slowly.
With financial service firms, this link is reinforced by the fact that the activities of these firms
are subject to regulatory capital constraints; banks and insurance companies have to maintain
equity (in book value terms) at specified percentages of their activities. When a company is
paying out more in dividends, it is retaining less in earnings; the book value of equity increases
by the retained earnings. In recent years, in keeping with a trend that is visible in other sectors
as well, financial service firms have increased stock buybacks as a way of returning cash to
stockholders. In this context, focusing purely on dividends paid can provide a misleading
picture of the cash returned to stockholders. An obvious solution is to add the stock buybacks
each year to the dividends paid and to compute the composite payout ratio. If we do so,
however, we should look at the number over several years, since stock buybacks vary widely
across time—a buyback of billions in one year may be followed by three years of relatively
meager buybacks, for instance.
To ensure that assumptions about dividends, earnings, and growth are internally consistent,
we must bring in a measure of how well the retained equity is reinvested; the return on equity
is the variable that ties together payout ratios and expected growth.
The linkage between return on equity, growth, and dividends is therefore critical in
determining value in a financial service firm. At the risk of hyperbole, the key number in
valuing a bank is not dividends, earnings, or expected growth but what we believe it will earn
as return on equity in the long term . That number, in conjunction with payout ratios, will help
in determining growth. Returning to the May 2023 valuation of Citigroup, the bank had
reported a return on equity of 8.78 percent in the trailing 12 months. Citi paid 29.14 percent of
its earnings as dividends in the trailing 12 months. Assuming that payout ratio remains
unchanged, the estimated growth rate in earnings for Citigroup for the next five years is 6.22
percent:
Table 10.1  reports Citi's forecasted earnings and dividends per share for the next five years,
assuming that its cost and return of equity stay locked in at current levels in perpetuity.
Table 10.1  Expected Earnings and Dividends for Citigroup in May 2023
 Base year 1 2 3 4 5
Earnings growth rate  6.22% 6.22% 6.22% 6.22% 6.22%
Return on equity 8.78% 8.78% 8.78% 8.78% 8.78% 8.78%
Net income ($ millions) $14,845 $15,769 $16,750 $17,792 $18,898 $20,074
Payout ratio 29.14% 29.11% 29.11% 29.11% 29.11% 29.11%
Dividends ($ millions) $4,326 $4,591 $4,877 $5,180 $5,502 $5,845
This linkage between growth, payout, and ROE is also useful when we get to stable growth,
since the payout ratio that we use in stable growth to estimate the terminal value should be:
The risk of the firm should also adjust to reflect the stable growth assumption, and if betas are
used to estimate the cost of equity, they should converge toward one in stable growth. With
Citi, we assume that the expected growth rate in perpetuity after year 5 is 3 percent, that the
cost of equity stays at 11.67%, and that its return on equity remains at 8.78%.
Discounting the expected dividends for the next five years (from Table 9.1 ), and the terminal
value back at the current cost of equity of 11.67 percent, yields a value per share of $55.68,
higher than the prevailing price of $46.32 at the time. Note that the story in this valuation is a
downbeat one, since Citigroup continues to earn a return on equity well below its cost of equity
in perpetuity, trapped in a bad business, with no escape hatches. Notwithstanding that
pessimism, the stock still looks undervalued.
VALUE DRIVER #2: QUALITY  OF GROWTH
Growth can add, destroy, or do nothing for value. What return on equity do your see your
firm generating, as it pursues growth?
Cash Flow to Equity Models   Earlier in the chapter, we looked at the difficulty in estimating
cash flows when net capital expenditures and noncash working capital cannot be easily
identified. It is possible, however, to estimate cash flows to equity for financial service firms if
you define reinvestment differently. With financial service firms, the reinvestment generally is
in regulatory capital; this is the capital as defined by the regulatory authorities, which, in turn,
determines the limits on future growth. To estimate the reinvestment in regulatory capital, we
need to specify a target book equity capital ratio  that the bank aspires to reach; this will be
heavily influenced by regulatory requirements but will also reflect choices made by the bank's
management. Conservative banks may choose to maintain a higher capital ratio than required
by regulatory authorities, whereas aggressive banks may push toward the regulatory
constraints.
To illustrate, assume that you are valuing a bank that has $100 million in loans outstanding
and a book value of equity of $6 million. Assume that this bank expects to make $5 million in
net income next year and would like to grow its loan base by 10% over the year, while also
increasing its regulatory capital ratio to 7%. We can compute the cash flow to equity thus:
This cash flow to equity can be considered a potential dividend and replace dividends in the
dividend discount model. Generalizing from this example, banks that have regulatory capital
shortfalls should be worth less than banks that have built up safety buffers since they will need
to reinvest more to get capital ratios back to target levels. Applying this approach to Citigroup
in April 2023, the bank had a tier 1 capital ratio of 14.80%, putting them toward the top
quartile of big banks. However, the failure of Silicon Valley Bank just a few weeks before this
valuation may make both the banks and regulators more conservative, and we assume that the
tier 1 capital ratio will be raised to 15% over time. Allowing for improvements in return on
equity over time, we estimated a free cash flow to equity valuation of Citigroup of $68.58 per
share, as shown in Table 10.2 .
The terminal value is estimated, assuming a growth rate of 3% in perpetuity, with a return on
equity of 9.50%:

Table 10.2 Expected Free Cashflow to Equity (in $ millions) for Citigroup in May
2023
 Current 1 2 3 4 5 Terminal
year
Risk-
adjusted
assets$1,142,985 $1,177,275 $1,212,593 $1,248,971 $1,286,440 $1,325,033 $1,364,784
Tier 1
Capital
ratio14.80% 14.84% 14.88% 14.92% 14.96% 15.00% 15.00%
Tier 1
Capital$169,145 $174,694 $180,423 $186,339 $192,448 $198,755 $204,718
Change in
regulatory
capital
(Tier 1) $5,549 $5,729 $5,916 $6,109 $6,307 $5,963
Book equity $182,194 $187,743 $193,472 $199,388 $205,497 $211,804 $218,158
        
ROE 8.78% 8.92% 9.07% 9.21% 9.36% 9.50% 9.50%
Net income $14,845 $16,254 $17,021 $17,820 $18,653 $19,522 $20,121
      −
Investment
in
regulatory
capital $5,549 $5,729 $5,916 $6,109 $6,307 $6,354
      = FCFE  $10,705 $11,291 $11,904 $12,545 $13,215 $13,767
Terminal
value of
equity     $158,792  
Present
value $9,586 $9,055 $8,548 $8,067 $99,052  
Cost of
equity11.67% 11.67% 11.67% 11.67% 11.67% 11.67% 11.67%
Value of
equity
today =$134,308
Number of
shares
outstanding
=1958.30
Value per
share =$68.58
VALUE DRIVER #3: REGULA TORY BUFFERS
Shortfalls (safety buffers) in regulatory capital can affect future dividends. How does your
firm's capital ratio measure up against regulatory requirements?
The value of equity per share is $68.58, higher than in the dividend discount model, with part
of the increase coming from the improvement in return on equity over time from 8.78% to
9.50% and part of it coming from a reassessment of what Citigroup is doing with its retained
earnings.
Excess Return Models   The third approach to valuing financial service firms is to use an excess
return model, where excess returns are defined as the difference between ROE and the cost of
equity. In such a model, the value of equity in a firm can be written as the sum of the equity
invested in a firm's current investments and the value added by expected excess returns to
equity investors from these and future investments.
The most interesting aspect of this model is its focus on excess returns. A firm that invests its
equity and earns just the fair market rate of return on these investments should see the market
value of its equity converge on the equity capital currently invested in it. A firm that earns a
below-market return on its equity investments will see its equity market value dip below the
equity capital currently invested. The two key inputs into the excess return model are the
return on equity and the cost of equity.
Framing the value of financial service firms in terms of excess returns also provides insight
into the risk/return trade-off that they face. Faced with low returns on equity in traditional
banking, many banks have expanded into trading, investment banking, real estate, and private
equity. The benefits of moving into new businesses that offer higher returns on equity can be
partly or completely offset by the higher risk in these businesses. To analyze a bank, you need
to look at both sides of the ledger: the return on equity the bank generates on its activities and
the risk it is exposed to as a consequence. The excess returns approach also offers insight into
the effects of regulatory changes on value. Increases in regulatory capital requirements will
reduce return on equity and by extension, excess returns and values at banks.
We can frame the Citigroup valuation in excess returns terms, albeit with a negative twist. The
book value of equity at Citi at the end of 2022 was $182.19 billion. Since we are assuming in
both the dividend and FCFE valuations that Citi will continue to earn returns on equity well
below its cost of equity in perpetuity, the present value of these negative excess returns,
continuing forever, reduces book value. Not surprisingly, our estimated valuations for the
bank come in well below book value, at $109.04 billion in the dividend valuation and at $134.3
billion in the FCFE valuation.
Relative V aluation (Pricing)
In keeping with our emphasis on equity valuation for financial service firms, the multiples that
we will work with to analyze financial service firms are equity multiples—PE ratios and price-
to-book ratios.
The price/earnings ratio for a bank or insurance company is measured the same as it is for any
other firm, by dividing the current price by earnings per share. As with other firms, the
price/earnings ratio should be higher for financial service firms with higher expected growth
rates in earnings, higher payout ratios, and lower costs of equity. An issue that is specific to
financial service firms is the use of provisions for expected expenses. For instance, banks
routinely set aside provisions for bad loans. These provisions reduce the reported income and
affect the reported price/earnings ratio. Consequently, banks that are more conservative about
categorizing bad loans will report lower earnings, whereas banks that are less conservative will
report higher earnings. Another consideration in the use of earnings multiples is the
diversification of financial service firms into multiple businesses. The multiple that an investor
is willing to pay for a dollar in earnings from commercial lending should be very different from
the multiple that the same investor is willing to pay for a dollar in earnings from trading.
When a firm is in multiple businesses with different risk, growth, and return characteristics, it
is very difficult to find truly comparable firms and to compare the multiples of earnings paid
across firms.
The price-to-book-value ratio for a financial service firm is the ratio of the price per share to
the book value of equity per share. Other things remaining equal, higher growth rates in
earnings, higher payout ratios, lower costs of equity, and higher returns on equity should all
result in higher price-to-book ratios, with return on equity being the dominant variable. If
anything, the strength of the relationship between price-to-book ratios and returns on equity
should be stronger for financial service firms than for other firms because the book value of
equity is much more likely to track the market value of existing assets. While emphasizing the
relationship between price-to-book ratios and returns on equity, don't ignore the other
fundamentals. For instance, banks vary in terms of risk, and we would expect for any given
return on equity that riskier banks should have lower price-to-book-value ratios. Similarly,
banks with much greater potential for growth should have much higher price-to-book ratios
for any given level of the other fundamentals.
Table 10.3  Pricing Citigroup in April 2023
Citigroup JP Morgan 25 largest banks (median)
Growth rate in deposits 3.74% 9.69% 10.66%
Tier 1 Capital ratio 14.80% 14.85% 11.12%
Return on equity 8.78% 14.53% 10.66%
Price-to-book 0.50 1.53 1.04
Assume that you were trying to price Citigroup in May 2023. Trading at half of book value, it is
the cheapest bank of the 25 biggest banks in the United States. Before you conclude that it is a
good buy, it is worth noting that it has also had one of the lowest growth rates in deposits over
the prior five years, as well as a subpar return on equity, as you can see in Table 10.3 , where we
compare Citigroup's pricing to that of JP Morgan and to the top 25 banks collectively.
As you can see, JP Morgan dominates Citigroup on every fundamental, with higher growth in
deposits, a slightly higher tier 1 capital ratio, and a much higher return on equity, but it trades
at a price-to-book ratio three times that of Citigroup. In sum, JP Morgan is clearly the better
bank, but Citigroup may be the better investment.
Value Plays
Investing in financial service companies has historically been viewed as a conservative
strategy for investors who wanted high dividends and preferred price stability. Investing
in these firms today requires a more nuanced strategy that goes beyond looking at the
dividend yield and current earnings and looks at potential risk in these firms by
examining the following.
Capitalization buffer:  Most financial service firms are governed by regulatory
requirements on capital. Look for firms that not only meet but also beat regulatory
capital requirements.
Operating risk:  Risk can vary widely across financial service firms within a sector
(banks, insurance companies). Seek out firms that are operating in average risk or
below average risk businesses, while generating healthy earnings.
Transparency:  Transparency in reporting allows investors to make better
assessments of value, and the failure to be transparent may be a deliberate attempt to
hide risk. Search for firms that provide details about their operations and the risks
that they may be exposed to.
Significant restrictions on new entrants into the business:  High returns on equity
are a key factor determining value. Check for firms that operate in profitable
businesses with significant barriers to new entrants.
In summary, invest in financial service firms that not only deliver high dividends but also
generate significant returns on equity from relatively safe investments. Avoid financial
service firms that overreach—investing in riskier, higher growth businesses—without
setting aside sufficient regulatory capital buffers.
Chapter Eleven
Roller Coaster Investing: Valuing Cyclical and
Commodity Companies
WHAT WAS TOYOTA MOTORS WORTH in 2007, when the global economy
was booming and the firm was profitable? What about two years later, at a
height of recession? If oil prices are expected to surge, how much will Exxon
Mobil's stock price go up? Uncertainty and volatility are endemic to valuation,
but cyclical and commodity companies have volatility thrust on them by
external factors such as ups and downs of the economy and movements in
commodity prices. Even mature cyclical and commodity companies have
volatile earnings and cash flows, making investing in them akin to riding a roller
coaster.
There are two groups of companies that we look at in this chapter. The first
group, drawn from sectors such as housing and automobiles, includes cyclical
companies, with earnings that track overall economic growth. The second group
includes commodity companies that derive their earnings from producing
commodities that may become inputs to other companies in the economy (oil,
iron ore) or be desired as collectibles (gold, platinum, diamonds).
Both types of companies share some common characteristics that can affect how
they are valued.
The economic/commodity price cycle:  Cyclical companies are at the mercy
of the economic cycle. The odds are high that most cyclical companies will
see revenues decrease in the face of a significant economic downturn and
rise when the economy recovers. Commodity companies are, for the most
part, price takers. When commodity prices are on the upswing, all
companies that produce that commodity benefit, whereas during a
downturn, even the best companies in the business will see earnings
decline.
Finite resources:  With commodity companies, there is another shared
characteristic. There is a finite quantity of natural resources on the planet;
if oil prices increase, we can explore for more oil, but we cannot create oil.
When valuing commodity companies, this will not only play a role in what
our forecasts of future commodity prices will be but may also operate as a
constraint on our normal practice of assuming perpetual growth (in our
terminal value computations).
When valuing commodity and cyclical companies, we must grapple with the
consequences of economic and commodity price cycles and how shifts in these
cycles will affect revenues and earnings. We also must come up with ways of
dealing with the possibility of distress, induced not by bad management
decisions or firm-specific choices but by macroeconomic forces.
Valuation Issues
In valuing commodity and cyclical companies, the inputs are heavily affected by
macro variables—the price of the commodity in the case of commodity
companies and the state of the economy for cyclical firms. As commodity prices
and economic growth rates change, operating income will change by more,
because of the high fixed costs at these firms. Thus, commodity companies may
have to keep mines (mining), reserves (oil), and fields (agricultural) operating
even during low points in price cycles, because the costs of shutting down and
reopening operations can be prohibitive. This volatility in earnings will feed into
both equity and debt values (thus affecting cost of capital) and potentially put
even the healthiest firms at risk of distress and default if the macro move is very
negative.
The same factors will also play out in relative valuations. Multiples of earnings
such as PE or EBITDA multiples will swing widely for cyclical and commodity
companies. While growth potential can vary across companies, growth rates can
also change dramatically across the cycle.
Valuation Solutions
The easiest way to value cyclical and commodity companies is to look past the
year-to-year swings in earnings and cash flows and to look for a smoothed-out
number underneath. There are usually three standard techniques that are
employed for normalizing earnings and cash flows of cyclical companies.
1. Simple average over time:  The most common approach used to normalize
earnings is to average them over time. The averaging should occur over a
period long enough to cover an entire cycle; the typical economic cycle in
the United States lasts 5 to 10 years. This is a simple approach, but using an
absolute value will yield too low a number for a growing company.
2. Scaled average over time:  A simple solution to the scaling problem is to
compute averages for a scaled version of the variable over time, with the
scaling against revenues or invested capital. In effect, you can average
profit margins over time instead of actual profits and apply the average
profit margin to revenues in the most recent period to estimate normalized
earnings.
3. Sector averages:  For firms with limited or unreliable history, it may make
more sense to look at sector averages in order to normalize. Thus, you can
compute operating margins for all steel companies across the cycle and use
the average margin to estimate operating income for an individual steel
company. Sector margins tend to be less volatile than individual company
margins, but this approach will also fail to incorporate the characteristics
that may lead a firm to be different from the rest of the sector.
To see normalization in action, consider a valuation of Toyota (TYT) in early
2009, when it was still considered the best-run automobile company in the
world, and before Tesla upended thinking on the auto business. However, the
firm was not immune to the ebbs and flows of the global economy and reported
a loss in the last quarter of 2008, a precursor to much lower and perhaps
negative earnings in its April 2008 to March 2009 fiscal year. Applying the
average pretax operating margin of 7.33 percent earned by Toyota from 1998 to
2009 to its trailing 12-month revenues of 22,661 billion yen yields an estimate
of normalized earnings.
Assuming that Toyota is a mature company with a stable growth rate of 1.5
percent and a return on capital of 5.09 percent, set equal to its cost of capital in
stable growth, allows us to estimate the value of operating assets today as
19,640 billion yen .
Adding the value of cash (2,288 billion yen) and cross-holdings (6,845 billion
yen) to operating asset value and subtracting out debt (11,862 billion yen) and
minority interests (583 billion yen) from this number yields the value of equity.
Dividing this value by the number of shares outstanding (3.448 billion) yields a
value per share of 4,735 yen, well above the market price of 3,060 yen per share
at the time.
With commodity companies, the variable that causes the volatility is the price of
the commodity. Consequently, normalization with commodity companies has to
be built around a normalized commodity price.
What is a normalized price for oil? Or gold? There are two ways of answering
this question. One is to look at the average price of the commodity over time,
adjusted for inflation. The other is to determine a fair price for the commodity,
given the demand and supply for that commodity. Once you have normalized
the price of the commodity, you can assess what the revenues, earnings, and
cash flows would have been for the company being valued at that normalized
price. With revenues and earnings, this may just require multiplying the
number of units sold at the normalized price and making reasonable
assumptions about costs. With reinvestment and cost of financing, it will
require some subjective judgments on how much (if any) the reinvestment and
cost of funding numbers would have changed at the normalized price.
VALUE DRIVER #1: NORMALIZED EARNINGS
A cyclical firm should be valued based on earnings in a normal economic
year, not earnings at the peak or trough of a cycle. Looking past the ups and
downs of economic cycles, what are the normalized earnings for your
company?
Using a normalized commodity price to value a commodity company does
expose you to the critique that the valuations you obtain will reflect your
commodity price views as much as they do your views of the company. If you
want to remove your views of commodity prices from valuations of commodity
companies, the safest way to do this is to use market-based prices for the
commodity in your forecasts. Since most commodities have forward and futures
markets, you can use the prices for these markets to estimate cash flows in the
next few years. The advantage of this approach is that it comes with a built-in
mechanism for hedging against commodity price risk. An investor who believes
that a company is undervalued but is shaky on what will happen to commodity
prices in the future can buy stock in the company and sell oil price futures to
hedge against adverse price movements.
Royal Dutch Shell, one of the largest and oldest integrated oil companies in the
world, generated operating income of $64,403 million on revenues of
$381,314 million in 2022. The average oil price during the year was $100.93 per
barrel, but at the time of our valuation of Royal Dutch in August 2023, the oil
price had dropped to $80.78 a barrel. To reflect the lower oil price effect on
revenues and earnings, we looked at Shell's history, shown in Figure 11.1 , with
the average oil price superimposed on the company's revenues and operating
income.
Figure 11.1  Royal Dutch Shell—Revenues, Earnings, and Oil Prices
Using the revenue regression to restate revenues at the current oil price
($80.78), assuming that revenues grow at 2% a year, the long-term expected
inflation in US dollars, and adjusting the pretax operating margins down to
reflect the historical average of 10%, we estimate the expected cash flows for the
company in Table 11.1 .
To estimate the terminal value, we assumed a growth rate of 2% a year in
perpetuity, in conjunction with a return on capital of 10%:
Discounting the expected cash flows at the cost of capital of 9.11% yields a value
per share of $74.60/share.
Table 11.1 Expected Cash Flows ($ millions) and Value per Share—
Royal Dutch
 Base
year1 2 3 4 5
Revenues $366,295 $373,621 $381,093 $388,715 $396,489 $404,419
Operating
margin17.58% 13.79% 11.90% 10.95% 10.47% 10.00%
Operating
income$64,403 $51,527 $45,333 $42,556 $41,528 $40,442
Effective tax rate 30.00% 30.00% 30.00% 30.00% 30.00% 30.00%
AT Operating
income$45,082 $36,069 $31,733 $29,789 $29,070 $28,309
    + Depreciation $19,410 $19,798 $20,194 $20,598 $21,010 $21,430
    − Cap Ex $22,600 $23,052 $23,513 $23,983 $24,463 $24,952
    − Chg in WC  $366 $374 $381 $389 $396
    = FCFF  $32,449 $28,041 $26,023 $25,228 $24,391
Terminal value      $324,901
Return on
capital      
Cost of capital  9.11% 9.11% 9.11% 9.11% 9.11%
Cumulated
discount factor 1.0911 1.1905 1.2990 1.4173 1.5464
Present value  $29,739 $23,554 $20,034 $17,800 $225,873
Value of
operating assets$317,000
    + Cash $40,246
    + Cross-
holdings$23,864
    − Debt $83,795
    − Minority
interests$2,125
Value of equity $295,190
Number of
shares        3957
Value per share     $74.60
Figure 11.2  Royal Dutch Shell—Value per Share and Oil Prices
This value per share will be a function of oil prices, rising with higher oil prices
and dropping as oil prices drop. Figure 11.2  graphs Shell's value per share as a
function of the oil price.
In making these estimates of value per share, we restate revenues as oil prices
change, using the regression results embedded in Figure 11.1, and hold our
assumptions about margins, growth rates, and costs of capital.
Relative V aluation (Pricing)
The two basic approaches that we developed in the discounted cash flow
approach—using normalized earnings or adapting the growth rate—are also the
approaches we have for making relative valuation work with cyclical and
commodity companies.
If the normalized earnings for a cyclical or commodity firm reflect what it can
make in a normal year, there has to be consistency in the way the market values
companies relative to these normalized earnings. In the extreme case, where
there are no growth and risk differences across firms, the ratios for these firms
with normalized earnings per share should be identical across firms. In the
more general case, where growth and risk differences persist even after
normalization, we would expect to see differences in the multiples that
companies trade at. You should expect to see firms that have riskier earnings
trade at lower multiples of normalized earnings than firms with more stable
earnings. We would also expect to see firms that have higher growth potential
trade at higher multiples of normalized earnings than firms with lower growth
potential.
VALUE DRIVER #2: COMMODITY  PRICES
As commodity prices swing, so will the earnings of a commodity company.
For your commodity company, what is a normalized price for the
commodity in question, and what is the firm's value at that price?
If you are reluctant to replace the current operating numbers of a company with
normalized values, the multiples at which cyclical and commodity firms trade
will change as they move through the cycle. In particular, the multiples of
earnings for cyclical and commodity firms will bottom out at the peak of the
cycle and be highest at the bottom of the cycle. If the earnings of all companies
in a sector move in lockstep, there are no serious consequences to comparing
the multiples of current earnings that firms trade at. In effect, we may conclude
that a steel company with a ratio of six is fairly valued at the peak of the cycle,
when steel companies collectively report high earnings, and that the same steel
company is still fairly valued with a PE ratio of 15, at the bottom of the cycle,
when steel companies report lower earnings.
Table 11.2  reports on pricing ratios for oil companies, using market pricing in
August 2023, as well as operating numbers (revenues, earnings, book value) in
the most recent 12 months and proven reserves (in millions of barrels).
Table 11.2  Ratios for Large Integrated Oil Companies in August 2023
Company
NamePE PBV EV/Sales EV/EBITDA EV/Invested
capitalEV/Barrel
of proven
reserves
Saudi
Arabian Oil
Company16.70 5.10 4.16 7.95 5.41 11.11
Exxon Mobil
Corporation8.23 2.10 1.20 5.29 2.02 44.57
Chevron
Corporation9.82 1.85 1.42 5.92 1.80 61.17
Shell plc 6.93 1.04 0.68 3.54 1.04 52.24
PetroChina
Company8.28 0.83 0.47 3.11 0.85 32.91
TotalEnergies
SE7.60 1.30 0.71 3.20 1.25 29.45
BP p.l.c. 5.53 1.24 0.52 2.30 1.21 33.30
China
Petroleum &
Chemical
Corporation10.12 0.69 0.26 4.93 0.75 63.22
Equinor ASA 3.76 1.68 0.60 1.17 1.90 34.36
Petróleo
Brasileiro
S.A.
(Petrobras)2.70 1.27 1.08 2.15 1.17 14.56
Occidental
Petroleum
Corporation8.14 1.84 2.38 4.61 1.51 39.27
Eni S.p.A. 5.00 0.85 0.51 3.14 0.88 20.43
Median 7.87 1.28 0.69 3.37 1.23 33.83
Looking at Shell, relative to the other oil companies on this list, it looks cheap
on some pricing metrics (PE, price-to-book), in line with the other companies
on EV/sales and EV-to-EBITDA, and overvalued on EV/invested capital and
EV/barrel of proven reserves. While that may leave you confused, it is the
nature of pricing, and one reason to be skeptical, when analysts conclude that a
stock is cheap or expensive based on a single pricing ratio. When making
comparisons, you do have to control for differences in growth, risk, and
investment efficiency. For instance, Petrobras looks cheap on a PE ratio and per
barrel of reserves, but its Brazilian presence makes it one of the riskiest
companies in the group.
The Real Option Argument for Undeveloped
Reserves
One critique of conventional valuation approaches is that they fail to consider
adequately the interrelationship between the commodity price and the
investment and financing actions of commodity companies. In other words, oil
companies produce more oil and have more cash to return to stockholders when
oil prices are $100 a barrel than they do when oil prices are only $20 a barrel.
Thus, these firms have options to develop their oil reserves, which they can
exercise after observing the oil price, and these options can add to value.
Even if you never explicitly use option-pricing models to value natural resource
reserves or firms, there are implications for value.
Price volatility affects value:  The value of a commodity company is a
function of not only the price of the commodity but also the expected
volatility in that price. The price matters for obvious reasons—higher
commodity prices translate into higher revenues, earnings, and cash flows.
More volatile commodity prices can make undeveloped reserves more
valuable.
Mature versus growth commodity companies:  As commodity prices
become more volatile, commodity companies that derive more of their
value from undeveloped reserves will gain in value, relative to more mature
companies that generate cash flows from developed reserves. If the oil price
volatility is perceived to have increased even though the price itself has not
changed, you would expect Petrobras to gain in value relative to Exxon
Mobil.
Development of reserves:  As commodity price volatility increases,
commodity companies will become more reluctant to develop their
reserves, holding out for even higher prices.
Optionality increases as commodity price decreases:  The option value of
reserves is greatest when commodity prices are low (and the reserves are
either marginally viable or not viable) and should decrease as commodity
prices increase.
If you regard undeveloped reserves as options, discounted cash flow valuation
will generally underestimate the value of natural resource companies because
the expected price of the commodity is used to estimate revenues and operating
profits. Again, the difference will be greatest for firms with significant
undeveloped reserves and with commodities where price volatility is highest.
Value Plays
When investing in a commodity company, you are also investing in the
underlying commodity. There are two ways you can incorporate this reality
into your investing strategy. In the first, you take a stand on commodity
prices and invest in companies that will benefit the most from your
forecasted price move. Thus, if commodity prices are low and you believe
that they will increase significantly in the future, the value payoff will be
highest in companies with significant undeveloped reserves of the
commodity and the funding to survive near-term adverse price movements.
In the second, you accept that you are not a good prognosticator of
commodity prices and focus on picking the best companies in the sector.
Look for companies that have significant low-cost reserves and are efficient
in finding and exploiting new reserves. To protect yourself against
commodity price movements in the future, use commodity futures and
options to at least partially hedge your investment in the company.
There are also two analogous investment strategies you can adopt with
cyclical companies. The first is to put your faith in your forecasts of overall
economic growth. If you believe that overall economic growth will be
stronger than the rest of the market thinks it will be, you should buy strong
cyclical companies that will benefit from the economic upswing. This
strategy is most likely to work in periods of economic malaise, where
investors are overreacting to current economic indicators and selling
cyclical stocks. The second is a more standard valuation strategy, where you
own up to your inability to forecast economic cycles and focus on buying the
best bargains in each cyclical sector. In particular, you want to find
companies that trade at the same multiple of normalized earnings as the
rest of the companies in the sector, while generating higher profit margins
and returns on capital on a normalized basis.
The bottom line: no matter how carefully you do your homework,
commodity and cyclical companies will see ups and downs in both earnings
and prices, as a function of economic and commodity cycles. Ironically, your
biggest money-making opportunities come from these cyclical movements.
Conclusion
Rules for the Road
THE MORE THINGS CHANGE, the more they stay the same. As we
employed both intrinsic and relative valuation techniques to value
firms across the life cycle from Zomato, a young growth company, to
Bed, Bath and Beyond, a company whose best days are behind it, we
followed a familiar script. The enduring theme is that value rests on
standard ingredients: cash flows, growth, and risk, though the effects
of each can vary across companies.
Common Ingredients
No matter what type of company you are valuing, you have to decide
what you are valuing (just equity or the entire business), the
approach you will use to estimate value (intrinsic versus relative
valuation), and the key components of value.
When valuing a business, you can choose to value the equity in the
business or you can value the entire business. If you value the
business, you can get to the value of equity by adding back assets that
you have not valued yet (cash and cross-holdings) and subtracting
out what you owe (debt). The choice matters because all of your
inputs—cash flows, growth, and risk—have to be defined
consistently. For most of the companies that we have valued in this
book, we have valued the businesses and backed into the value of
equity. With financial service firms, our inability to define debt and
estimate cash flows did push us into using equity valuation models.
You can also value a business based on its fundamentals, which is the
intrinsic value, or you can price it by looking at how the market
prices similar firms in the market. While both approaches yield
estimates of value, they answer different questions. With intrinsic
valuation, the question we are answering is: Given this company's
cash flows and risk, is it under- or overvalued? With relative
valuation, the question being answered is: Is this company under- or
overvalued given how the market is pricing other companies just like
this one? With the example of Alphabet in Chapter 7 , the intrinsic
valuation approach led us to conclude that the company was
overvalued, whereas the relative valuation would have led us to
conclude that the stock is fairly or under priced.
In both intrinsic and relative valuation, the value of a company rests
on three ingredients: cash flows from existing assets, the expected
growth in these cash flows, and the discount rate that reflects the risk
in those cash flows. In intrinsic valuation, we are explicit about our
estimates for these inputs. In relative valuation, we try to control for
differences across firms on these inputs, when comparing how they
are priced.
Differences in Emphasis
The models and approaches used are identical for all companies, but
the choices we make and the emphasis we put on inputs varied
across companies. The value drivers that were highlighted in each
chapter reflect the shifts in focus as firms move through the life cycle
and across sectors.
Table C.1 Value Drivers across the Life Cycle and Sectors
Category Value drivers
Young growth
companiesRevenue growth, target margin, survival
probability
Growth companies Scaling growth, margin sustainability
Mature companies Operating slack, financial slack, probability
of management change
Declining companies Going-concern value, default probability,
default consequences
Financial service firms Equity risk, quality of growth (return on
equity), regulatory capital
Commodity and
cyclical companiesNormalized earnings, excess returns, long-
term growth
Intangible asset
companiesNature of intangible assets, efficiency of
investments in intangible assets
These value drivers are useful not only to investors who want to
determine what companies are worth investing in but also to
managers in these firms, in terms of where they should be focusing
their attention to increase value.
And the Payoff
Can you make money on your valuations? The answer depends on
three variables. The first is the quality of your valuation. Well-done
valuations based on better information should generate better
returns than shoddy valuations based on rumor or worse. The second
is market feedback. To make money on even the best-done valuation,
the market has to correct its mistakes. The payoff to valuation is
likely to be speedier and more lucrative in smoothly functioning
markets. In more selfish terms, you want the market to be efficient
for the most part, with pockets of inefficiency that you can exploit.
The third and final factor is luck. While this will violate your sense of
fairness, luck can overwhelm good valuation skills. While you cannot
make yourself lucky, you can reduce the impact of luck on your
returns by spreading your bets across many companies that you have
found to be undervalued. Diversification still pays!
Parting Words
Do not let experts and investment professionals intimidate you. All
too often, they are using the same information that you are, and their
understanding of valuation is no deeper than yours. Do not be afraid
to make mistakes. I hope that even if not all of your investments are
profitable ones, the process of analyzing investments and assessing
value brings you as much joy as it has brought me.
10 Rules for the Road
1. Feel free to abandon models, but do not budge on first
principles.
2. Pay heed to markets, but do not let them determine what you
do.
3. Risk affects value.
4. Growth is not free and does not always add to value.
5. All good things come to an end. Nothing is forever.
6. Watch out for truncation risk; many firms do not make it.
7. Look at the past, but think about the future.
8. Draw on the law of large numbers. An average is better than
a single number.
9. Accept uncertainty and deal with it.
10. Convert stories to numbers.
WILEY END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
Go to www.wiley.com/go/eula  to access Wiley’s ebook EULA.