

Ultimate Parallel
and Distributed
Computing with Julia
For Data Science
Excel in Data Analysis, Statistical Modeling
and
Machine Learning by leveraging MLBase.jl
and
MLJ.jl to optimize workﬂows
Nabanita Dash
www .orangeava.com
Copyright © 2024 Orange Education Pvt Ltd, AVA™
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or
transmitted in any form or by any means, without the prior written permission of the publisher ,
except in the case of brief quotations embedded in critical articles or reviews.
Every effort has been made in the preparation of this book to ensure the accuracy of the information
presented. However , the information contained in this book is sold without warranty , either express
or implied. Neither the author nor Orange Education Pvt Ltd or its dealers and distributors, will be
held liable for any damages caused or alleged to have been caused directly or indirectly by this book.
Orange Education Pvt Ltd has endea vored to provide trademark information about all of the
companies and products mentioned in this book by the appropriate use of capital. However , Orange
Education Pvt Ltd cannot guarantee the accuracy of this information. The use of general descriptive
names, registered names, trademarks, service marks, etc. in this publication does not imply , even in
the absence of a speciﬁc statement, that such names are exempt from the relevant protective laws and
regulations and therefore free for general use.
First published:  January 2024
Published by:  Orange Education Pvt Ltd, AVA™
Addr ess: 9, Daryaganj, Delhi, 1 10002
ISBN:  978-93-91246-86-0
www .orangeava.com
Dedicated To
My beloved Par ents:
Mr. Bimal Kumar Dash
Mrs. Sakuntala Dash
My sibling
Bikash Ku. Dash
and
My grandpar ents
Lt. Bichitra Nanda Dash
Lt. Sebati Dash
Lt. Sukadeb Pati
Sandhya Rani Pati
About the Author
Nabanita Dash  is a dynamic and results-driven Research Engineer with a
robust academic foundation and a passion for technology . She earned her
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineerin g from the
prestigious International Institute of Information Technology in BBS, India,
in 2021.  Throug hout her academic journey , Nabanita showcas ed not only
her technical prowess but also her leadership skills as the Head of the
Programming Club, emphasizing her commitment to collaborative projects
and technological innovation.
Her educational  journey began at Ispat E. M. School in Rour kela, India,
where she built a solid foundation in Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry ,
English, and Computer Science. This comprehensive education laid the
groundwork for her future success in the tech industry .
Currently servin g as a Resear ch Engineer at Antimodular Research in
Montreal, QC, Nabanita specializes in creating artworks using deep
learning and analyzing voice, text, and 2D/3D data and models. Her
innovative contributions to the intersection of technology and art showcase
her creativity and technical prowess.
Nabanita's commitment to the broader tech community is evident in her
roles as a remote volunteer Research Engineer for MLPack and
OpenMined. In these positions, she demonstrated her expertise in C++ by
developing data management functions, troubleshooting installations, and
contributing to research on differential privacy algorithms. This experience
reﬂects her dedication to pushing the boundaries of knowledge and
contributing to the open-source community .
Earlier in her career , Nabanita showcased her versatility as a Full Stack
Developer at Julia Computing Incorporation. This role allowed her to reﬁne
her skills and gain hands- on experience in various aspects of software
development, contributing to her well-rounded skill set.
Her technical proﬁciency spans Machine Learning, Deep  Learning,
Computer Vision, and expertise in tools and frameworks such as
TensorFlow , PyTorch, Flux, NumPy , Pandas, Scikit-learn, Hugging Face,
Linear Algebra, Natural Language Processing, and Parallel Computing.
Nabanita's ability to seamlessly integrate diverse skills with a dynamic
approach positions her as a valuable and well-rounded professional in the
ﬁeld of research  and technology . As she continues to make strides in her
career , Nabanita Dash remains at the forefront of technological innovation,
leaving an indelible mark on the intersection of art and artiﬁcial
intelligence.
About the Technical Reviewers
Venkateshprasad Bhat  is an electron ics engineer and an avid Julia
developer . He specializes in developing modeling and simulation tools,
along with improving package tooling in Julia. He frequently contributes to
open-source software. Additionally , he enjoys building robots, especially
working on computer vision and electronic circuitry .
He is deeply committed to writing highly performant and readable Julia
packages.
Chayan Datt a is a versatile Software Engineer with nearly 5 years of
experience across healthcare, Ed-tech, FinT ech, and scientiﬁc computing.
He excels as a full-stack developer creating robust applications, blending
technologies like Python, Django, Vue.js, JavaScript, Julia, and Go.
Chayan’ s leadership is evident in his past roles, contributing signiﬁcantly to
the success of various platforms.
Chayan  is deeply involv ed in DevOps, system design, and scalability . His
expertise lies not only in building robust applications but also in
orchestrating seamless integrat ion between development and operations.
With a keen eye for system design, Chayan envisions and implements
architectures that prioritize efﬁciency , reliability , and scalability . His
practices ensur e smooth collaboration between developme nt and IT
operations, fostering a streamlined and agile development pipeline.
Chayan's comm itment to scalability extends beyond individu al projects,
encompassing a holistic approa ch to designing systems that can adapt and
grow with evolving business needs.
Adhering to coding practices, he ensures project longevity . Understanding
front-end and back-end syner gy, he crafts user-friendly applications. He
understands the crucial interplay between front-end design and back-end
functionality , ensuring that the user interface is not only visual ly engaging
but also seamlessly integrated with the underlying system architecture. His
holistic approach to software development encompasses a keen awareness
of the end-user experience, resulting in applications that not only meet
technical require ments but also delight users with their usability and design
aesthetics.
Besides work, Chayan contributes to open-source projects and maintains a
technical blog, showcasing his commitment to knowledge-sharing and
community enga gement. He brings a well-rounded perspective to his work,
fueled by his avid reading habits and a constant desire to stay updated on
the latest industry trends and technologies.
Acknowledgements
To my parents, whose unwaveri ng encouragement and belief in my abilities
kept me going through the late nights and countless revisions. Your support
was the foundation on which this book stands, and I am forever grateful.
I extend  my thanks to the educational institutions and companies that
played a pivotal role in my journey of learning data analysis, machine
learning and Julia language. The tools and knowledge acquired from your
courses and collaborations have  been invaluable, shaping the very core of
this book.
A special shout-out to the unsung heroes—the ones behind-the-scenes
offering hidden support. Your contributions have not gone unnoticed, and I
appreciate the collective ef fort that made this book possible.
I want to express my sincere gratitude to the technical editors who
meticulously combed through the manuscript, ensuring it reached the
readers in its best form. Your attention to detail and dedication to perfection
did not go unnoticed.
Thanks to my incredible team for their unwavering support and
understanding. The ﬂexibility you provided allowed me ample time to
complete the book. It's a reﬂection of your commitment to delivering
quality content in the dynamic ﬁeld of data analysis and machine learning.
Preface
Welcome to the fascinating world of machine learning and data analysis in
Julia! In this book, we embark on a journey that explores the powerful
intersection of Julia, a high-performance programming language, and the
transformative ﬁelds of machine learning and data analysis. As technology
continues to evolve, the ability to harness and interpret vast amounts of data
becomes increasingly crucial. Julia, with its speed, simplicity , and
expressive synta x, emer ges as an ideal language for tackling the challenges
posed by the ever-growing datasets and complex algorithms in these
domains.
This book is designed to be a comprehensive guide for both beginners and
experienced practitioners seeking to master machine learning and data
analysis using Julia. Whether you are a seasoned data scientist or a curious
enthusiast, the content here will equip you with the tools and knowledge to
navigate the dynamic landscape of modern data science.
The Journey unfolds…
Chapter  1: Julia in ML  Fields
In our opening chapter , we lay the foundation by introducing readers to
Julia as the optimal language for machine learning. We delve into the
essence of data science, elucidate the necessity of data analysis, and
showcase Julia's prowess in the realm of machine learning. While extolling
the virtu es of Julia, we candidly explore its strengths and acknowledge its
limitations, culminating in a thoughtful conclusion.
Chapter  2: Get Started with Julia
This chapter serves as your gateway into the Julia ecosystem. We guide you
through the installation process, introduce various Julia Integrated
Development Environments (IDEs), and delve into the essentia ls of Julia's
package management system. Building a solid foundation, we cover topics
ranging from basic variable declarations to deﬁning functions and
navigating the intricate rules of variable scope.
Chapter  3: Featur es Assisting Scaling ML  Projects
Discover how Julia's unique features enhance the scalability of machine
learning project s. We explore the type system, multiple dispatch, and the
intricacies of working with packages, modules, and macros. This chapter
equips you with the tools neede d to harness Julia's full potentia l for robust
and scalable machine learning endeavors.
Chapter  4: Working with Julia Arrays
Delve into the world of Julia data structures. From arrays and tuple
structures to advanced concepts like broadcasting and integration with
Python/R, this chapter ensures a comprehensive understanding of Julia's
array capabilities.
Chapter  5: Working with Datasets – A Data Science Pr oblem
In this chapter , we tackle real-world scenarios, guiding you through the
process of obtaining, inspecting, and handling diverse datasets. Learn to
manipulate numerical, textual, and temporal data effectively , setting the
stage for more advanced analyses.
Chapter  6: Basics of Statistics – StatsBase.jl
Unlock the power of statistics in Julia with a focus on fundamental
statistical concepts. Covering scalar stats, distance methods, counts, and
sampling, this chapter ensures  a solid understanding of the statistical
principles essential for data analysis.
Chapter  7: Pr obability Data Distributions – Distributions.jl
Navigate the world of probability distributions using Julia's Distributions.jl
package. From common functions to univariate, multivariate, and matrix-
variate distribu tions, this chapter delves into the mathematical
underpinnings essential for probabilistic modeling.
Chapter  8: Framing the Data in Julia – DataFrames.jl
Introduce yourself to DataFrames.jl, Julia's premier package for working
with tabular data. From fetching and inspecting data to manipulating
columnar data and indexing, this chapter provides the skills need ed to wield
DataFrames ef fectively .
Chapter  9: Working on Data fr om DataFrames
Explore the myriad functionalities of DataFrames, including creating and
converting dataframe objects, grouping and mutating dataf rames, and
applying transformative operations.
Chapter  10: Visualizing Data in Julia – Plot.jl
Unleash the power of data visualization in Julia with Plot.jl. Dive into
plotting techniques, themes, colors, and layouts, mastering the art of
making data come alive through compelling visuals.
Chapter  11: Intr oducing Machine Learning in Julia – MLBase.jl
Embark on the exciting journey of machine learning in Julia using
MLBase.jl. From selecting and training models to evaluating loss and
comparing metrics, this chapter demystiﬁes the machine learning process.
Chapter  12: Data Modeling – GLM.jl and MixedModels.jl
Delve into data modeling with GLM.jl and MixedModels.jl, empowering
you to construct statistical models efﬁciently . Gain insights into various
GLM models and understand the essentials of mixed-ef fects modeling.
Chapter  13: Bayesian Infer ence – Turing.jl
Take a deep dive into Bayesian inference using Julia's Turing.jl libraries.
Explore probabilistic modeling and learn practical applications for Bayesian
workﬂows in machine learning.
Chapter  14: Parallel Computation in Julia
Master the art of parallel computation in Julia, leveraging multi-threading
capabilities to speed up data science workﬂows. Discover the potential of
JuliaHub and conclude with insights into optimizing code execution.
Chapter  15: Distributed Computing within Julia
Explore distribu ted computing in Julia, focusing on scaling data science and
machine learning problems on CPUs. Dive into Dagger .jl, drawing parallels
with Dask, and gain an introdu ction to CUDA.jl and CuArrays for GPU
programming.
This book is designed to be a comprehensive and accessible companion for
anyone eager to excel in machine learning and data analysis using Julia.
Whether you are a novice or an experienced practitioner , the knowledge and
skills imparted within these pages will empower you to navigate the
complexities of modern data science. Let the exploration begin!
Downloading the code
bundles and colored images
Please follow the link or scan the QR code to download the
Code Bundles and Images  of the book:
https://github.com/ava-orange-
education/Ultimate-Parallel-and-
Distributed-Computing-with-Julia-For-
Data-Science
The code bundles and images of the book are also hosted on
https://rebrand.ly/6f7ebd
In case there’ s an update to the code, it will be updated on the existing
GitHub repository .
Erra ta
We take immen se pride in our work at Orange Educat ion Pvt Ltd and
follow best practices to ensure the accuracy of our content to provide an
indulging reading experience to our subscribers. Our reade rs are our
mirrors, and we use their inputs to reﬂect and improve upon human errors,
if any, that may have occurred during the publishing processes involved. To
let us maintain the quality and help us reach out to any readers who might
be having difﬁculties due to any unforeseen errors, please write to us at :
errata@orangeava.com
Your support, suggestions, and feedback are highly appreciated.
DID YOU  KNOW
Did you know that Orange Education Pvt Ltd offers eBook versions of
every book published, with PDF and ePub ﬁles available? You can
upgrade to the eBook version at www .orangeava.com  and as a print
book customer , you are entitled to a discount on the eBook copy. Get in
touch with us at: info@orangeava.com  for more details.
At www .orangeava.com , you can also read a collection of free technical
articles, sign up for a range of free newsletters, and receive exclusive
discounts and of fers on AVA™ Books and eBooks.
PIRACY
If you come across any illegal copies of our works in any form on the
internet, we would be grateful if you would provide us with the location
address or website name. Please contact us at info@orangeava.com
with a link to the material.
ARE YOU  INTERESTED IN AUTHORING
WITH US?
If there is a topic that you have expertise in, and you are interested in
either writing or contributing to a book, please write to us at
business@orangeava.com . We are on a journey to help developers and
tech professionals to gain insights on the present technological
advancements and innovations happening across the globe and build a
community that believes Know ledge is best acquired by sharing and
learning with others. Please reach out to us to learn what our audience
demands and how you can be part of this educational reform. We also
welcome ideas from tech experts and help them build learn ing and
development content for their domains.
REVIEWS
Please leave a review . Once you have read and used this book, why not
leave a review on the site that you purchased it from? Potential readers
can then see and use your unbiased opinion to make purchase decisions.
We at Orange Education would  love to know what you think about our
products, and our authors can learn from your feedback. Thank you!
For more information about Orange Education, please visit
www .orangeava.com .
Table of Contents
1. Julia In Data Science Arena
Introduction
Structure
Introducing Data Science
Deﬁning Data Science
The need for T ask Automation
Introducing Statistics
Introducing machine learning
Drawing Correlations from Raw Data
Explaining the Need for Data Analysis
Introducing Julia
Astounding Julia language!!
Julia: Ideal for Data Analysis
Limitations of Julia
Conclusion
Points to Remember
References
2. Getting Started with Julia
Introduction
Structure
Installing and setting up Julia
Working with Julia IDEs
Using Julia REPL
Using IDEs
Using Notebook
Julia package manager: Pkg
Project envir onments
Working in Pkg REPL  mode
Handling project environments
Numerical Data Handling in Julia
Declaring variables
Acceptable variable names in Julia
Bound vs Copy in mutable variables
Constructing contr ol ﬂows
Evaluation under conditions
Evaluating short cir cuits
Handling exceptions
Loops (Repeated evaluation)
Expr essions in compound form
Deﬁning functions
Conclusion
Questions
3. Featur es Assisting Scaling ML  Projects
Introduction
Structure
Revisiting Functions in Julia
The function-end keywor d
The name of the function
The Arguments Used in the Function
The Body of the Function
The r eturn Statement of the Function
Positional and keyword ar guments
Passing ar guments in Julia
Short Syntax for Writing Functions in Julia
Type System in Julia
Hierar chy in Julia’ s Type System
Various Data T ypes in Julia
Multiple Dispatch in Julia
Managing code structure in Julia
Using Macros
Conclusion
Questions
4. Data Structur es in Julia
Introduction
Structure
Arrays in Julia
Tuple Data Structure in Julia
Mapping Value to its Keys
Set Data Structure in Julia
Operations on Julia’ s Data Structures
Arrays
Tuples
Dictionaries
Sets
Map
Reduce
Filter
Broadcasting
Example of Module Subtyping
Integrating with Python
Integrating with R
Conclusion
Questions
5. Working With Datasets In Julia
Introduction
Structure
Getting and Inspecting Data in Julia
Acquiring Data fr om Julia
Accessing Data fr om a Database
Inspecting Data in Julia
DataFrames in Julia
Saving text ﬁles
Packages for T ext Analysis
Visualizing the DataFrame
Working with Strings
Reading fr om a T ext File
Splitting T ext String
Regular Expr essions
Temporal Data
Handling missing Data
Handling T emporal Data
A Data Science Problem
Conclusion
Questions
6. Basics of Statistics
Structure
Statistics in Julia
Descriptive Statistics and its purpose
Overview of the main descriptive statistics measures
Outlier detection and treatment in data analysis
Distance methods in StatsBase.jl
Sampling and counting methods
Counting methods
Sampling methods
Relationship between various features in the dataset during data
analysis
Miscellaneous statistical functions that aid in data analysis
Observational estimation in data analysis
Conclusion
Questions
7. Pr obability Data Distributions
Structure
Introduction to probability
Introducing probability package in Julia
Introducing the Distributions.jl package
Common functions in distributions
Type hierar chy
Parameter r etrieval
Sampling
Computation of statistics
Estimating pr obability
Dimension inspection
Univariate probability distribution
Censored probability distribution
Truncated probability distribution
Differ ence between censor ed and truncated pr obability distributions
Multivariate probability distribution
Matrix-variate probability distribution
Mixture models in Distributions.jl
Mixture models and convolutions in Distributions.jl
Fitting a probability distribution
Conclusion
Questions
8. Framing Data in Julia
Structure
Introducing DataFrames.jl package
Setting up the environment
Constructing DataFrame objects
Fetching data
Inspecting data
Major data manipulation frameworks in Julia
DataFramesMeta.jl
DataFrameMacr os.jl
Query .jl
Comparing with other language frameworks
Comparing with pandas - a Python framework
Comparing with dplyr - an R framework
Conclusion
Questions
9. Working on Data in DataFrames
Structure
Missing data in DataFrames
Missing values in Julia
Sorting data in DataFrames
Sorting a V ector
Sorting a DataFrame
Reshaping data in DataFrames
Reshaping data in Julia
Categorical data in DataFrames
Joining data in DataFrames
Split-apply-combine data in DataFrames
Conclusion
Questions
10. Visualizing Data in Julia
Structure
Introducing Plot.jl
Installing Plots.jl
Plots.jl package
Attributes in plotting
Scatter plots in Plots.jl
Plotting backends
Subplots in Plots.jl
Recipes in Plots.jl
Using Statsplots.jl r ecipes
Contour plots
Histograms in Plots.jl
Weighted histograms
Stacked histograms
Overlaid histograms
Cumulative histograms
2D histograms
Conclusion
Questions
11. Intr oducing Machine Learning in Julia
Introduction
Structure
The need for machine learning
Introducing machine learning
MLJ.jl - the machine learning library of Julia
Specialties of MLJ.jl
Handling data in MLJ.jl
Data containers and Scitypes
Handling 2D data in MLJ
Scitypes of data
Generating data
Regr ession data
Categorical data
Handling categorical data
Corr ect data scientiﬁc type for categorical data
Changing the incorr ect scitype of categorical data
Tracking all various categories
Preparing data
Splitting data
Addr essing the mismatched scitype of data-model
Weights
Models
Model sear ch
Model queries
Models matching
Loading models
Revisiting weights
Data preprocessing using transformers in MLJ
Conclusion
Questions
12. Data and Models
Introduction
Structure
Model interface in MLJ.jl
Model r epresentation
Supervised model
User -deﬁned models in MLJ
Deterministic r egressor
Probabilistic r egressor
Fitting a model
Predict method
Training losses
Featur e importances
Update! Method
Transform method
Models with a pr obability distribution
Serialization
The need for a data frontend for MLJ
Data fr ontend for MLJ
Machines in MLJ
Model composition
Performance measures in MLJ.jl
Built-in performance measur es
Custom performance measur es
Model evaluation measur es
Evaluating model performance on a hold-out set
Evaluating model performance over time
Model tuning
Common stopping criteria
Regularization
Interpr eting learning curves
Using learning curves to impr ove models
Conclusion
Questions
13. Bayesian Statistics and Modeling
Introduction
Structure
Bayesian inference
Difference between Bayes' theorem and Frequentist statistical methods
Basic concepts of Bayesian statistics
Calculating the posterior distribution
Making inferences from the posterior distribution
Bayesian models
Various Bayesian models
Bayesian linear regression
Bayesian logistic regression
Bayesian networks
Gaussian processes
Bayesian neural networks
Building a Bayesian model
Bayesian modeling in Julia
Manipulating discrete data with Bayesian approach
Manipulating categorical data with Bayesian approach
Gaussian Process Latent Variable Model
Other Bayesian models
Conclusion
Questions
14. Parallel Computation in Julia
Introduction
Structure
Parallel computation in Julia
Asynchronous programming
Asynchronous tasks in Julia
Task operations
Yieldto function in tasks
Scheduler in Julia
Connecting via channels in Julia
Multi-threading
Multiple thr eads in Julia
ThreadPools
Communication and synchr onization in Julia
@thr eads macr o
Atomic Operations
Per-ﬁeld atomics
Side Effects of using thr eads
@thr eadcall
Task migration
Use of ﬁnalizers
Speeding up data science workﬂows
Using the power of JuliaHub
Conclusion
Questions
15. Distributed Computation in Julia
Introduction
Structure
Distributed computation in Julia
Harnessing the Str ength of Many
A Fresh T ake on Message Passing
Remote Refer ences: Bridging the Gap
Remote Calls: Executing fr om Afar
Process Identity and W orker Model
Embracing Parallelism: A Practical Guide
Asynchronous Execution and Cooperative Task Scheduling in Julia
The Magic of Futur e Caching
Cooperative Multitasking: The @async and @sync Appr oach
Feeder T asks and @async
@sync: Coor dinated Synchr onization
Sharing State and Cooperative Multitasking
Mindful Context Switching
Preparing for Futur e Innovations
Loading packages in Distributed Computing
Managing processes
Data transfer in distributed computing
Variables in distributed computing
Maps and Loops
References and Channels
Distributed Garbage Collection
Local Invocations in Distributed Computing
Shared Arrays
Cluster Managers
Conclusion
Questions
Index
CHAPTER  1
Julia In Data Science Arena
Introduction
This chapter acts as an insight into the buzzwords such as Julia, data science,
and machine learning in the title of the book. We will discuss data science,
machine learnin g, and the need for data science and machine learning in
today’ s world to solve and automate challenging problems. We will learn
about technologies that will help us tackle these problems. You will gain an
accurate and deep understandin g of Julia programming language and the
reason for using Julia in address ing all data-related issues. Julia is a new and
actively develo ping language. Every programming languag e has some
lacunae. Most of the time, Julia’ s numerous advantages surpass its ﬂaws. In
the end, we will go through some shortcomings of Julia language.
Structure
In this chapter , we will discuss the following topics:
Introducing data science
Deﬁning data science
The need for task automation
Introducing statistics
Introducing machine learning
Drawing correlations from raw data
Explaining the need for data analysis
Introducing Julia
Astounding Julia language!!
Julia: ideal for data analysis
Drawbacks of Julia
Introducing Data Science
Data is everywhere and abundantly available and more so in the near future.
According to a late-2012 assessment, the quantity of digital data saved
would increase by a factor of 300 between 2005 and 2020. The total digital
data saved would be approximately 130 exabytes to 40,000 exabytes (Gand
& Reinsel, 2012). Total digital data saved equates to 40 trillion gigabytes,
which is more than 5.2 terabytes for every individual! The rising availability
of data and the value of data will have an inﬂuence in every industry (Chen
et al., 2014; Khan et al., 2014). We need data to understand the process and
make decisions based on it. We must learn skills that will assist us in better
interpreting the data cheaper and faster . A data scientist/data
analyst/researcher is familiar with fundamental data managemen t techniques.
Figur e 1.1 paints quite a picture of all the fundamental data manageme nt
techniques.
Figure 1.1:  The data science workﬂow
Deﬁning Data Science
Data science is the study of massive data using advanced tools and
methodologies to discover previously unknown patterns, extract valuable
information, and make better decisions. We employ science and math to help
us use data to make better decisions. We can safely say that data science is a
culmination of data acquisition, data warehousing (maintaining data by
cleaning, processing, and creating an architecture), data mining
(clustering/modeling), data analysis and data reporting techniques. It is quite
humanly impossible to browse through the entire dataset and derive any
useful insights from it. We use various statistical techniques to gain an
understanding from our data. We use advanced technologies such as machine
learning to analyze the data and automate the entire process. Although most
of you are famil iar with the concepts of machine learning and statistics, let
me refresh those concepts again. Before going into machine learning, let us
see why we need to automate all the data processes.
The need for Task Automation
Artiﬁcial intellig ence was created in the 1950s by computer scientists who
were interested if computers might be programmed to think on their  own—
a dilemma that is still being debated and looked into today. Artiﬁcial
intelligence may be deﬁned as a machine’ s ability to accomplish activities
that would normally need human-level intelligence and judgment. We should
keep in mind that AI is a fairly  wide science that covers not just machine
learning and deep learning but also various approaches that do not involve
learning.
One of the ﬁrst signiﬁcant results of AI algorithms was successfully
implemented in chess competitions. Deep Blue
(https://www .chess.com/terms/deep-blue-chess-computer ) was created to
compete with humans in chess.  It had 8,000 handmade elements. In 1997,
the Deep Blue program defeated former chess champion, Gary Kasparov .
For a long time, most academics and scientists felt that achieving human-
level intelligence required handc rafting a sufﬁciently wide set of specialized
instructions.
The disadvantage of employing  handmade characteristics is that only game
professionals (checkers or chess) can build computer algorithms. Even
professionals might fail to manufacture characteristics for complex tasks like
image classiﬁcation, speech recognition, natural language translation, and so
on. Analyzing huge amounts of data and ﬁguring out the apt algorithms is
humanly imposs ible. We need some kind of automation tool that will solve
our problem. In the next part, we will discuss machine learning, which is a
subset of artiﬁcial intelligence.
Introducing Statistics
Statistics is a highly diverse research discipline. Statistics study has
applications in almost all scienti ﬁc research domains. Scientiﬁc research and
data analysis, in fact, drives the development of novel statistical methods.
Statistics is the branch of science that deals with creating and researching
ways to gather , analyze, interpre t, and display empirical data. Statistics aids
in gaining a better understanding  of the facts from raw data. Statisticians use
a range of mathematical and computational techniques to develop
procedures. Statistical computations demand an easy-to-read language with
high-scaling features that can help Statisticians to focus only on developing
theories rather than worry abou t the computational aspect of the data as in
computing or testing or verifying the data.
It is humanly impossible to formulate a statistical equation for every set of
inputs and outputs in a case where the data is large. Here, machine learning,
a paradigm that devises statistic al equations between outputs and inputs on
its own, comes to our aid. A simple machine learning system  is shown in
Figur e 1.2. The machine learning system in ﬁgure 1.2 shows that multiple
inputs and outputs are fed into the machine and the machine devises an
algorithm or model on its own. The model shows a correlation between the
inputs and outpu ts of data. This correlation is further used for test inputs to
ﬁnd the outputs predicted.
Figure 1.2:  Basic machine learning workﬂow
Introducing machine learning
Machine learnin g, a novel programming method, takes in input data and
correlates it with answers, then deciphers the rules that link the inputs to
their correspond ing responses. The machine is given different samples and
their related outputs while attempting to comprehend the statistical
association between the samples and their outputs on its own. To categorize
photographs of cats and dogs, we input different images of cats and dogs that
have previously  been tagged by humans, and the system will learn the
statistical relatio nships between the images and their related labels. Machine
learning is closely connected to computational statistics, which is the
fundamental goal of making the machine properly predict the consequence.
Now that we know we can use data science to derive insights, let us go step
by step to understand how data is analyzed to derive meaningful
information.
Drawing Correlations from Raw Data
Before collecting or processing  data, we will understand the problem at
hand. If we face a complex problem, then we can divide it into smaller
subproblems and solve them one at a time. We will examine the subset of
data pertaining to the smalle r problem we are attempting to address.
Otherwise, if our initial problem is not that complex, we will use the entire
data for address ing the issue. While solving a real-world problem, we don’t
get a customized dataset. We have to ﬁgure out the variables concerning the
problem that can provide us valuable information about the data. We have to
curate and creat e our own data pertaining to the problem. We compile data
from numerous sources to create a uniﬁed dataset.
After collecting the data, we need to process the raw data into a format that
is suitable for performing data analysis. At this stage, we delete any
misplaced or incorrect data. If necessary , we will consolidate some data or
eliminate all unneeded data.
1. The raw data is processed so that we can easily make correlatio ns from
it.
2. The second step is to create a machine learning or statistical  model
which will learn the data correlations on its own.
3. The third step encompasses interpreting the acquired information from
the data. At this stage, we ﬁnd the solution to our problem. Otherwise,
we will keep on changing metrics and techniques till we ﬁnd a proper
solution to our desired problem.
4. The fourth step is to prepare the results and summarize the insights to
share.
Figur e 1.3 shows a pictoria l description of the steps to follow while drawi ng
correlation from raw data.
Figure 1.3:  The pr ocess of drawing corr elations fr om the raw data
A data scientist gets insights and ﬁnds patterns and trends in datasets by
making data models and forecasting algorithms. These algorithms are
written using machine learnin g techniques on the data. The product is
improved consi stently by sharing ideas with other teams and upper
management. We use several data analytics tools such as SAS, SQL and
various programming languages like R, Python, and Julia leading
developments in the ﬁeld of data science. Some of these tools have a
graphical interf ace and are thus simple to use. But they typically have
constraints on how they are used. The wide diversity of jobs that a data
scientist must perform points to the fact that some programming language is
essential to accomplish maximum ﬂexibility and clarity .
Explaining the Need for Data Analysis
Data analytics is critical since it allows ﬁrms to improve their performance.
Companies that include it in their business models can assist cut expenses by
discovering more efﬁcient methods of doing business. Data analytics may
also help a ﬁrm improve its business decisions and assess consu mer patterns.
Let’s see some features of data analysis:
Data analysis is a simple approach to check on the research topic and
provides the reader with information on what upgrades have been
acquired in the whole data and interpretation process.
You can understand your clients, tailor the model according to your
client and support their speciﬁc needs.
Data analysis aids in the reduction of enormous datasets via the
application of new tools and technologies.
Sellers rely on a large quantity  of data to deliver their worth in the
study and exploration of information via data mining.
Data analysis entails comprehending and interpreting data in the form
of data analysis without any human bias.
Data analysis increases the legitimacy of existing data or the latest
research by providing solid references that depend on a conceptual
framework.
Data analysis enables you to adapt your approach and technique, focus
on saving money , and improve your initial research.
Introducing Julia
Julia is a fast, dynamic, high-le vel dynamic programming language widely
developing and a huge number of machine learning libraries and frameworks
are being developed which are being used by data analysts, data scientists,
and machine learning researche rs both in industry and academics. Julia is a
free and open-source programm ing language that was created in 2012 by
MIT. It is extens ively used in statistical computing, data analytics, scientiﬁc
research, data modeling, graphical representation, and reporting. Julia
includes statistical modeling, plotting, and modeling libraries required for
data science.
Julia is a huge ecosystem consi sting of several libraries that are focused on
many machine learning-related areas. This book will give a broad overview
of the libraries and their functions along with hands-on exercises  and code so
that readers can directly start working on their own model with Julia. This
book is aimed at creating interest in readers to contribute to various Julia
libraries. This chapter aims to give an overview of the use and efﬁciency of
Julia in handling  Statistics, Data Science, and Machine Learning. Figur e 1.4
shows a comparison of the speed of execution time of various languages
including Julia with respect to a static language C.
Figure 1.4:  Comparison between speeds of various languages with Julia
In this book, we are going to focus mainly on the use of Julia  in machine
learning and data science ﬁelds. Since Julia is open source, a lot of packages
and libraries are developed for the use of data science and machine learning.
We are going to cover the most important and recent development packages
for both data science and machine learning. This book focuse s mainly on
machine learning, different pack ages that are designed for classical ML are
thoroughly explained in the book. Statistical analysis and its use in data
science in Julia are also visited. A few bonus chapters such as an
introduction to parallel and distributed computing in Julia are well
explained. This book can assist data scientists and analysts who desire to
transition to Julia for their daily data science job. This book will demonstrate
how and why using Julia will be a game-changer for them. Let us look at
some of the major functionaliti es of Julia language that make it stand out.
Figur e 1.5  shows some of the important features of Julia language.
Figure 1.5:  Featur es of Julia language
Astounding Julia language!!
Julia was designed to combine multiple performance measures from
different languages into a single language. Julia was originally designed to
have scientiﬁc computing in consideration. As a result, it began as a
competition between languages such as Python, R, and MATLAB to employ
the most effective metrics of such languages and achieve greater
performance than other languages.
Machine-learning programmers  and scientists want a language  that can do
quantitative, probabilistic, differentiable, tree-structured, and parallelized
calculations. Julia is a functional programming language that employs the
LLVM compiler framework with just-in-time compilation, making it
possible to perform complex deep learning tasks quickly . In contrast to
verbose C++ code, Julia is dynamically typed, making it perfect for
designing, training, and tweaking data-related code.
There are severa l tools that you can use to write Julia code. You can use Julia
REPL  (read-eva l-print-loop) which is a command line built into Julia
executable or Pluto notebooks which are like Jupyter notebooks with
additional funct ionalities for code execution and sequencing. If you have
installed Julia (we will learn about it in the next chapter), you can open your
terminal and type in julia . A Julia prompt will appear on your terminal
screen. Figur e 1.6  shows the Julia prompt.
Figure 1.6:  Julia pr ompt in REPL
Let us look at a sample function written in Julia that returns an integer raised
to the power of 7. We can measure the performance of our code using @time
macro and pay attention to the memory allocation. Generally , Julia runs
faster after the ﬁrst iteration.
julia> x = 7
7
julia> @time x->x^7
0.008357 seconds (977 allocations: 62.519 KiB, 66.14%
compilation time) #1 (generic function with 1 method)
Julia is open source and widely available, making it simple to examine high-
level code rather than delving into low-level abstractions. Julia is quicker
than other dynamic languages like Python and similar to static ones.
Now , let us look into some of the main features of Julia language.
Julia includes all features for complicated mathematical computations,
so you can immediately write your mathematical equations into code.
Julia syntax is close to that of MATLAB, making the transition to Julia
easy for MATLAB users. This feature allows you to create
mathematical equations in Julia while utilizing the same mathematical
operators and expressions as you would in Julia code.
Julia and Python are both dynamic-typed languages with similar -
looking and easy-to-write prototype code. Julia’ s Python interface is
available at JuliaPy/pyjulia for Python developers. Julia, like Common
Lisp, is easy to write and executes almost as quickly as C. Julia adheres
to the majority of Lisp’ s programming paradigms and components.
Julia executes with a speed equivalent to FOR TRAN.
When you compile your progr am in Julia, all data types are moved
from dynamic to static code, which takes some time but is afterwards
super -fast. Julia has been a member of the petaﬂop club since 2020,
which means it can execute one petaﬂop of instructions in one second.
This minimizes compile time delay while also making it easier to write
code in Julia without having to deﬁne the same object numerous times.
As Julia’s code is written in Julia, programmers may simply  make
modiﬁcations or rectify problems. There is no need to install anything
or bother about package linking services or dif ferent environments.
Since Julia is a new language, numerical computing libraries in C and
FOR TRAN outperform Julia language libraries. Julia makes it simple
to call C and FOR TRAN functions, allowing you to reuse existing
code. To call such functions, no in-between code, code creation, or
compilation is required; instead,  a regular call using ccall  syntax from
an interactive Julia prompt is sufﬁcient.
Julia dynamically dispatches functions and values based on the object’ s
run-time type. This entails leveraging the combined attributes of one or
more function parameters to implement functions or values. When
developing idiomatic Julia, type stability and memory allocation are
taken into account. This functionality allows Julia code to be reused
across many packages.
Julia’ s program ming language enables coroutines, multi-thr eading,
distributed computing, and GPU computing. Julia provides a message-
passing multiprocessing environment that enables programs to run in
many memory domains at the same time. Julia’ s message-forwarding
technique is distinct from those used in other contexts such as MPI.
This functionality enables the CPU to accelerate deep learning job
execution.
The REPL (read-eval-print loop) is an interactive comma nd-line
interface that is built into the Julia executable. REPL  provides simple
and quick execution, a searchable history , tab completion, various
handy key bindings, help, and shell mode. This feature makes it easier
to write and run Julia code in the interactive Julia shell.
Julia’ s package manager Pkg can add packag es quicker than the library
equivalent since it does not have to recompile a stale cache ﬁle. Pkg
handles package dependencies entirely on its own. While utilizing a
package in a project, it downgrades and upgrades package
dependencies. Pkg also manages project environments by utilizing two
ﬁles, Project.toml  and Manifest.toml , to keep track of package
versions and dependencies in a speciﬁc project context. You may easily
reproduce the full project procedure on your machine.
Julia: Ideal for Data Analysis
The most important feature of every language is its extensibility . The
language should  be designed in such a way that programmers may simply
add new necessary funct ionality . Julia’ s open-source machine learning
frameworks make it simple for programmers to utilize and build specialized
functionality as needed. Flux is a machine learning package that is intended
for use in high-p erformance application pipelines. Flux is able to meet high-
performance expectations because of a combination of curren t and novel
compiler design s. The Flux framework is used to write all differentiable
algorithms in Julia. Plots and graphs, as well as Flux, may be used to
visualize data in Pluto.jl , a basic  reactiv e notebook for Julia. CUDA.jl  is
used in Julia to communicate with NVIDIA  CUDA  GPUs, including array
abstraction, CUDA kernel development in Julia, and wrappers for other
CUDA  libraries. The development and application of numerical computation
libraries, such as differential solvers like SciML  and optimizatio n libraries
like JuMP , have made it feasible to address complicated real-world problems
with ease. Programmers can only view a restricted range of mathematical
operations and cannot directly  operate the GPU when training machine
learning algorith ms in parallel. Julia GPU programming allows  you to work
directly with CUDA  kernels produced and executed from a script or
notebook. This entire Julia GPU architecture contributes to boosting
machine learning capabilities such as scalability because frameworks supply
kernels.
Julia contributes to the development of many tools and technologies. Many
major institutions, both technical and academic, employ Julia  to perform
various tasks more efﬁcie ntly and quickly . You can go to
https://juliahub.com/case-studies/  to learn  about more use cases of Julia. You
can see some of the major use cases of Julia in Figur e 1.7 .
Figure 1.7:  Break-thr oughs in various ﬁelds using Julia language
Some of the industrial and academic real-world use cases of Julia and its
related libraries and frameworks are:
Apart from these classical libraries and packages, Julia is progressing
in the ﬁelds of modeling and simulation, which has aided Pumas’
predictive healthcare analytics. Pumas is a comprehensive platform for
pharmacological modeling and simulation from Julia Computing and
Pumas.ai. It is a tool for the whole drug development pipeline.
Raj Dandekar , Chris Rackauckas, Emma Wang, and Geor ge
Barbastathis of MIT devised a model to help reduce and stop COVID-
19’s spread.
Marius Millea, a cosmologist, used Julia to study gravitational lensing
in the Cosmic Microwave Background from the South Pole Telescope.
Jean-Christophe B. Loiseau uses Julia and highly recommends it for
modeling turbulence because of the ability to write only fewer lines of
code in Julia.
JuliaHub is the simplest way to use the cloud to scale enormous,
distributed Julia jobs.
Julia Computing’ s JuliaHub makes it easy for Julia users to manage
their packages, locate docum entation, contribute to open -source
projects, and run lar ge compute intensive workloads.
Julia is taught at many institutions, including MIT  and Stanford.
Stipple is a new tool for developing, deploying, and scaling Julia
applications. Stipple is a reactive UI library for building interactive
data applications in pure Julia.
JuliaT eam from Julia Computing allows your organization to
collaborate, build, and manage private and public packages, manage
open-source licenses, and take advantage of Julia’ s continuous
integration, deployment, security , indemnity , and enterprise governance
capabilities.
We at Julia are trying to heal the planet together . JuliaClimate  is
devoted to climate research and solving climate change problems
utilizing Julia tools.
Pﬁzer and Moderna have used Julia Computing to simulate new
pharmaceuticals.
JuliaComputing  helps AstraZeneca with AI-based toxicity prediction.
JuliaComputing  aids European insurance giant  Aviva in compliance
issues.
JuliaComputing  has provided energy provider Fugro Roames with an
AI-based grid network failure prediction system and the FAA with its
airborne collision prevention program.
JuliaComputing  helped Cisco with ML-based network security and
several national labs and academic institutions with ML-based network
security research programs.
Julia Computing also made headlines because of a DARP A award to
modernize semiconductor codes for more efﬁcient, current simulation
codes.
The language is used by over 10,000 ﬁrms throughout the world,
including AstraZeneca PLC, BlackRock, and Microsoft Corp. Julia is
also used by NASA, the Feder al Aviation Administration (FAA), and
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
JuliaHub has also helped in the advancements in Williams racing cars.
JuliaComputing  team will be designing digital phased array systems
using Julia and GPUs. Eventu ally, Julia is expected to beco me an
integral part of next-generation wireless systems.
Limitations of Julia
Julia’ s code pre-compilation and dynamism are certainly noteworthy , but as
with any other advantage provided by the language, Julia has its own
limitations related to code pre-compilation and dynamism. Julia’ s REPL
takes a long time to start any Julia process for the ﬁrst time.
This is due to Julia taking longer to compile the many available data types
when the program is initially started. Although the compilatio n time delay
has decreased with each subsequent Julia version, it remains relatively
considerable. This is quite inconvenient when compiling a large complex
machine learning program for the ﬁrst time. When an executable is built
from Julia code, Julia consumes extra RAM which makes it inconvenient to
run complex data science or machine learning problems. As Julia is a
functional programming language, integrating it into other languages is
tricky . Static languages like C/C++/Rust are easier to incorporate since they
generate binaries that can be compiled by other languages. Since the Julia
environment is less developed than those of other languages, it is prone to a
few common issues. There are several packages in Julia that cannot be used
in production. To access R and Python libraries in Julia, use packages such
as RCall.jl or PyCall.jl. Only production-ready libraries will be covered in
the book.
Conclusion
Machine learning and data analysis lay the ground for data science tasks.
Julia is a high-level and general-purpose language that is used to construct
code for scientiﬁc computations which are quick to execute and simple to
implement. The language is intended to address all of the requirements of
scientiﬁc researchers and data scientists in order to maximize
experimentation and design execution. You’ve probably heard of Julia, the
future programm ing language of data science if you’re a data aﬁcionado.
There are specu lations that Julia will eventually replace Python and R in the
data science arena due to considerable improvements in performance,
efﬁciency , and usability .
In the next chap ter, we will learn  to install Julia on our system. We will learn
about various tools and technologies to write Julia code. We will learn to
write basic Julia code in Pluto notebooks. We will go through the
fundamentals of programming such as using data types, writing loops,
functions and some other functionalities in Julia language.
Points to Remember
Data science is the study of massive data using advanced tools and
methodologies to discover previously unknown patterns, extract
valuable information, and make better decisions.
Artiﬁcial intelli gence uses computers and technology to emulate
humans’  problem-solving and decision-making skills.
Machine learning is the usage and development of computer systems
that can learn and adapt without explicit instructions, by analyzing and
drawing conclusions from data patterns utilizing algorithms and
statistical models.
Statistics is the branch of science that deals with creating and
researching ways to gather , analyze, interpret, and display empirical
data.
Julia is a high-level dynamic programming language. Julia is known
for its high speed and performance compared to other languages used
for machine learning, such as Python.
Julia is an open-source language which was mainly design ed for
scientiﬁc computing but Julia also supports web development,
database, gaming and so on efﬁciently .
Julia’ s package manager and REPL  are robust. Julia supports multiple-
dispatch.
Julia uses the LLVM compiler with just-in-time compilation  and is
dynamically typed which makes it ideal for writing, training and tuning
machine learning programs.
Julia’ s extensibility of code which makes it ﬂexible to use and write
various Julia programs and simpliﬁed design of the machine learning
framework in Julia makes it the ideal machine learning language.
References
1. Gand and Reinsel, 2012:
https://datastorageasean.com/sites/default/ﬁles/idc-the-digital-universe-
in-2020.pdf
2. Chen et al., 2014:
https://www .sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1551741 113001
277
3. Khan et al., 2014:
https://link.springer .com/book/10.1007/978-3-319-06710-0
CHAPTER  2
Getting Started with Julia
Introduction
This chapter will walk you through installing and conﬁguring Julia on your
PC. We will practice coding on several Julia IDEs (integrated development
environments). We will learn about package management in Julia. We will
deﬁne Julia environments and use them to develop project code. If you are
new to the Julia language, this chapter will teach you the basic syntax and
most signiﬁcant ideas. Even if you are previously acquainted with Julia, we
recommend that you rapidly review the offered subjects to ensure that you
have a thorough  knowledge of the fundamental principles. In this chapter ,
we will go through the fundam entals and basic functionalities of Julia. We
will learn how to express values, variables, loops, functions, and so on. For a
thorough introduction to Julia programming, we recommend the books
mentioned at https://julialang.or g/learning/books/  or the Julia guide at
https://docs.julialang.or g/en/v1/ .
Structure
In this chapter , we will discuss the following topics:
Installing and setting up Julia
Working with Julia IDEs
Julia package manager: Pkg
Handling numerical data in Julia
Declaring variables
Constructing control ﬂows
Deﬁning functions
Scope rules for variables
Installing and setting up Julia
Let us go throu gh the process of downloading, installing, and conﬁguring
Julia environments on our own PC. These steps can be replicated in your
own system. Once you have correctly conﬁgured Julia in your system, it will
be simple to follow along with the examples in the chapters.
To begin, visit the website https://julialang.or g/downloads/  to download Julia
on your local PC. There are numerous operating systems and Julia versions
available at the site. You can get Julia for your operating system by
downloading the correct version. There are operating system speciﬁc
instructions to set up Julia in your system.
We use Julia version 1.7 throughout the book because it’s the most recent
one. However , you can read the book while using version 1.7 or above (if
available). Using Julia versions greater than 1.7 will not cause problems,
while using Julia  versions less than 1.7 may cause problems. Version 1.7 was
used to test the code in this book. However , the code will basically operate
as expected for any Julia 1.x version. Higher versions may include minor
modiﬁcations to execution or output. If you need Julia 1.7, go to the older
unmaintained releases page ( https://julialang.or g/downloads/oldreleases/ ).
Follow the instructions for your operating system at
https://julialang.or g/downloads/platform/  to load the Julia executable on
your system. Linux users can use Julia Installer
(https://github.com/abelsiqueira/jill ) to download and install Julia on their
machine, or they can follow the platform-speciﬁc methods.
sudo bash -ci “$(curl -fsSL
https://raw .githubusercontent.com/abelsiqueira/jill/main/jill.sh )”
You can download Julia using the above code with the help of the jill
package. It is an unofﬁcial Julia Linux downloader .
After loading Julia, make sure to add Julia to the PATH environment
variable. There are various methods for adding Julia to the PATH variable,
each operating system has its own download and installation requirements
along with adding the executable to the PATH. This makes it simple to start
the Julia executable by entering julia  followed by Enter keypress in a
terminal.
Figur e 2.1  depicts a basic Julia session running on the terminal.
Launch your system’ s terminal.
The $ sign symbolizes the command prompt in the operating system.
Along with the $ sign, enter the julia  command.
A Julia session will begin, and you will see the Julia logo, as well as
links to assistanc e, such as docu mentation, help, and the ofﬁcial release
repository .
Below the Julia logo, you can notice the $ prompt change to julia>
prompt. This implies
that you can execute Julia instructions.
To return to the terminal prompt  and exit the Julia prompt, use the Julia
command exit()  on the terminal. The $ prompt has returned to your
terminal screen.
Figure 2.1:  The Julia pr ompt in the Linux terminal
Working with Julia IDEs
We learn ed how to install and conﬁgure Julia locally using our terminal in
the previous part. In this part, we’ll look at different ways to run Julia
commands locally . You can use any of the techniques listed to write and
execute Julia commands locally .
We’ll take a quick look at the many ways to run Julia  commands.
Throughout the book, we’ve used Julia’ s REPL  to write the code examples.
It is up to you where you want to run the Julia code. The outpu t will be the
same in all three modes. An integrated development environ ment (IDE)
offers robust technological facilities for software development. Programmers
who use IDEs can edit code, and build and debug the code simultaneously .
To recap itulate, some typical methods for creating and modifying Julia code
include:
using Julia read-evaluate-print-loop (REPL)
using an integrated programming environment (IDE) like Visual Studio
Code (VSCode) or Atom
using notebooks like Jupyter Notebook or Pluto notebook
Using Julia REPL
After adding the Julia executable to the PATH environment variable, you
will just type julia commands directly into the terminal. There are two
methods to access the terminal to execute Julia commands. To begin, you
can employ the Julia executable’ s in-terminal interactive session. Julia read-
evaluate-print-loop is yet anoth er name for the terminal with Julia prompt
(REPL).
Julia REPL  is the code editor for Julia command line programming.
In the previous unit, we explored how to use Julia REPL  to run Julia
commands. We used Julia’ s exit()  comma nd in the previous section. You
can apply any Julia command line options in addition to interactive Julia
sessions https://docs.julialang.or g/en/v1/manual/command-
lineoptions/#command-line-options .
Julia scripts can also be executed from the terminal. You can write Julia code
in a *.jl  ﬁle, where
* is the ﬁlename. You may run the ﬁle by typing julia *.jl into the terminal.
This will execut e the ﬁle’s code and then exit at the completion  of the code
in the ﬁle.
Using IDEs
Aside from the Julia REPL, we can create and execute Julia code in any
integrated development environment (IDE). To see the results, we may write
a .jl script in the IDE and then execute it on the terminal. The Julia  plugin
may be added and installed on any IDE of your choosing, such as Atom or
VSCode. You may learn how to access and conﬁgure all settings by
consulting the instructions for VSCode or Atom. You can refer to
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/julia  and
https://docs.junolab.or g/stable/man/installation/  for assistance. The VSCode
add-on contains capabilities such as integrated interactive autocompletion,
embedded REPL , inline solutions, code tracking, plot panel, debugger , and
many more.
Using Notebook
Pluto (https://github.com/fonsp/Pluto.jl ) is a reactive notebook designed by
Julia developers  that includes capabilities not found in Jupyter notebooks.
Being reactive implies that if you update a variable, Pluto will run all the
cells that reference the variable after the change.
Because it automatically discovers relationships between cells, you can
arrange them in whatever order you like. Pluto understands which packages
are required in the project and installs and handles them automatically .
Julia can be composed and performed in notebooks as well. In the notebook,
you must switch  to the Julia executable and then type Julia commands in the
cell. Both Jupyter and Pluto notebooks include output as well as graphical
visualizations. The concept of a notebook, which incorporates code,
arithmetic, graphs, prose, and other multimedia in a single prepared
document, simpliﬁes project collaboration.
Text, programming, arithmetic, and other graphical information can be
written in the Jupyter or Pluto notebook. More installation options are
available in the documentation at https://julialang.github.io/IJulia.jl/stable/ .
Launch your Jupyter notebook and change the kernel to Julia by choosing it
from the drop-down menu.
You may also use IJulia to write Julia code in Jupyter notebooks by
launching the IJulia notebook in your browser with the IJulia.jl package
(https://julialang.github.io/IJulia.jl/stable/ ). Participate in the Julia interact ive
session. Then, in the REPL, enter the following code to open a notebook
with Julia kernel in your browser .
Pluto makes it easy to develop and manage project environmen ts. If we use
the terminal to execute Julia code, we will learn how to establish and
maintain project environments in the following section.
Julia package manager: Pkg
Julia has built-in package management. It allows you to install, manage, and
use a wide range of dependent and independent packages in your projects. In
this part, we’ll go through the most important components  of package
management in Julia. More thorough explanations may be found at
https://pkgdocs.julialang.or g/v1/ .
Project environments
Julia has an in-built package manager - Pkg. Pkg handles packages,
registries and artifacts. Pkg is based on “environments,” which are discrete
groups of packages that can be local to a single project or shared and
accessed by name. Pkg maintains packages in /.julia/environments/v1.6,
registries in /.julia/registries, and artifacts in /.julia/artifacts in the local
machine if the Julia executable  is running in the home directory . You can
alter the location s by establishing new environments, registries , or artifacts.
We will just learn how to set up and oversee new project environments in
this segment. You can learn more about managing registries at
https://pkgdocs.julialang.or g/v1/registries/  and about artifacts at
https://pkgdocs.julialang.or g/v1/artifacts/ .
When you create a new projec t environment, you will see two new ﬁles
created, that is, manifest.toml  and project.toml . The manifest.toml  ﬁle
captures the detailed collection of packages and versions in an environment,
which is then checked into a project repository and managed under version
control, considerably increasing project reproducibility .
Figure 2.2:  The manifest.toml ﬁle which contains information about all the packages
A project.toml  is a ﬁle in the root directory of a project that contains
metadata about the project, such as its name, UUID (for packages), authors,
license, and the names and UUIDs of the packages and libraries on which it
depends.
Figure 2.3:  The pr oject.toml ﬁle collects details about the packages in the pr oject envir onment
Note  If you’v e ever tried to execute old code only to realize that it no longer
works because you’ve changed or deleted some of the packages in your
project. Pkg has its own set of package versions, and it updates the packages
and dependencies by locating the needed version for the time being, while
older packages and their dependencies are garbage-collected.
Pkg, the project manager , provides two interfaces via which you may
interact with it locally . Pkg may be interacted with via REPL  when writing
code interactively and using APIs when executing Julia code scripts via the
terminal. The commands used in REPL  mode and API mode differ
depending on how they are written. Throughout the book, we shall use
REPL  mode. To use these commands in API mode, go to
https://pkgdocs.julialang.or g/v1/api/ .
Working in Pkg REPL mode
To enter package management mode, press the ] key after beginning your
Julia session. The prompt julia> will be replaced by pkg>, indicating that
you are now in package management mode. By default, this prompt will
appear like this - (@v1.7) pkg>.
Figure 2.4:  Pkg mode in REPL  with pkg> pr ompt
It is advised that you use the manifest.toml  and project.toml  ﬁles to
manage your project environment. We will use the repository
https://github.com/dnabanita7/DataScienceW ithJulia  that comes with this
book. As in the examples that follow , store this repositor y under the
/DataScienceW ithJulia$  folder .
Otherwise, you may generate a new project environment in Pkg mode by
entering a new package name.
pkg> generate new_package_name
The DataScienceW ithJulia  reposito ry contains its own manifest.toml  and
project.toml  ﬁles. These two ﬁles are create d automatically when you add
a package or dependency to your project environment.
Figure 2.5:  isﬁle() function checking if manifest.toml and pr oject.toml ﬁles ar e present
You can check if the project has those two ﬁles by using the
isfile(filename)  function where the ﬁlename is the name of the ﬁle.
Figure 2.6:  Adding a package “DataFrames” to the pr oject envir onment thr ough interactive REPL
mode
You can add a package such as DataFrames  by writing
pkg>add DataFrames
in Pkg mode. Now , if you use the isfile()  function on those two ﬁles, it
will return true.
Figure 2.7:  Activating the pr oject envir onment
To activate the project environment, execute the activate.  command and
the prompt will change to the repository name, which is now
“DataScienceW ithJulia”. Julia’ s existing work directory is represented by the
dot following the activate command. Rather than changing the working
directory , simply type activate ~/DataScienceWithJulia .
If you are emplo ying a project environment for the very ﬁrst time, you must
instantiate  it to ensure Julia receives all required web packages. By using
the backspace key , you can quit the package manager .
Note  Enterin g shell mode allows you to see what directory you are in. You
may write shell commands from the REPL  by pressing ; (semicolon).
Handling project environments
Once you have activated and instantiated your project environm ent, you will
start building Julia applications that use the environment’ s packages.
Meanwhile, you can modify the existing packages. Pkg provides the most
common packa ge managemen t activities including displayi ng available
packages, adding packages, removing packages, and updating packages.
You may use add to add new packages, update  to update the package’ s
version, and status  to deter mine the version compatibility of your packages
in the environment.
Figure 2.8:  Trying out a few commands such as add, update, and status on the packages in this
envir onment
Here, we are adding a package Statistics  and updating a package Random
in the project environment. If you are starting from scratch, you can follow
the instructions. Otherwise, clone the repository and proce ed with the
instructions.
You can verify the directory you are in by using the pwd()  function in
Julia prompt and changing to ~/DataScienceWithJulia$
Enter Pkg mode by pressing ]
Using the activate.  command, activate the environment.
You can use status  in Pkg mode to verify the project’ s status.
Then, in Pkg mode, add the Statistics.jl  packag e to this
environment by the command add Statistics
In Pkg mode, you can update any package in the project envir onment
such as Random.jl by using the command update Random
You can check the status of any particular package or all pack ages in
your project environment by using the command status
When you add Statistics.jl , several more packages and dependencies are
automatically added. Statistics.jl  gets included in the project.toml  and
manifest.toml  ﬁles. If someone else wishes to recreate the environment,
they can do so straight from the repository . You can now view the status to
see which version of Statistics has been added to the project repository .
Figure 2.9:  You can use short forms of update as up and status as st to perform the desir ed tasks
After a new release, simply type update  in Pkg mode to update the
packages. All packages and their dependencies will be updated accordingly .
It might  delete some outdated dependencies or introduce some new ones.
Pkg is intelligent enough to update the packages on its own.
Figure 2.10:  Removing a package fr om the envir onment manually
You can remove the package by using the command remove Statistics in
Pkg mode. This will delete any dependencies associated with Statistics.jl as
well as remove it from the project.toml and manifest.toml ﬁles as required.
Now that we have installed Julia on our system, let’s learn to code in Julia.
Julia is highly suited for scienti ﬁc computing. We will go throu gh numbers,
variables, loops, functions and other error -handling techniques used in Julia
in this chapter .
Numerical Data Handling in Julia
In general, we need to underst and how Julia handles values . A value is a
representation of some type of data that the Julia program can modify . Every
value is the result of a Julia expression being evaluated. Let’s understand
how values are represented in Julia.
julia> 7 # integer value 7
julia> 7.4 # floating point value 7.4
julia> false # boolean value false
julia> Inf # infinity Inf
julia> “Hello World!” # string value “Hello World!”
julia> [4.3, 5, 0] # single dimensional array 3-element
Vector{Float64}:
4.3
5.0
0.0
julia> [4.3, “Hello”, 0, 7] # single dimensional array 4-
element Vector{Any}:
4.3
“Hello”
0
7
The values in listing 2.3 are an integer 7, a foating point value 7.4, a boolean
value false, an inﬁnity value representation Inf, a string value “Hello
World!”, a 3-element vector [4.3, 5, 0] and another 3-element vector [4.3,
“Hello”, 0, 7].
You can see that although I used both integer and foating point values in the
same array, it didn’ t give any error, rather it converted integers to foating
point values. This is called implicit type casting. Generally , when more than
one type is present, the compiler  can convert the type of the value to a higher
data type which is known as implicit type casting. You would have noticed
the Float64 data type in the Vector{Float64}. This means the value takes up
64 bits of memory . In the second vector , the type is set to Any. Julia can hold
any data type in its array .
Any data type is hierarchically at the top of the type graph in Julia.
julia> [1;; 2;; 3;; 4] # 2 dimensional matrix
1×4 Matrix{Int64}:
1 2 3 4
julia> [[1, 2] [3, 4]] # 2 dimensional matrix
2×2 Matrix{Int64}:
1 3
2 4
In Julia, a vecto r is a one-dimensional array . Vector{Float64}  is the same
as Array{Float64, 1}. Array{Float64, 1} indicates that the value is of
Array type. {Float64, 1} indicates that the values are of type Float64 and
the number 1 represents the dimension of the array . One-dimensional arrays
are otherwise termed vectors, while more than one-dimensional arrays are
otherwise termed matrices. We represent a single-dimensional array as a
single column having the total number of rows equal to the size of the
vector . A two-dimensional matrix has both deﬁned rows and columns. A
three-dimensional matrix has its 3 dimensions or axes deﬁned and so on.
There are various ways of deﬁning matrices in Julia. Some of the ways are
using semicolon(s), commas, spaces or a combination of all three. You can
look into https://docs.julialang.or g/en/v1/manual/arrays/  to get a better idea.
julia> typeof(Inf) # finding the data type of Infinity defined
in
Julia Float64
You can get the data type of the value by using typeof()  in Julia.
typeof(Inf)  is Float 64. In Julia, Inf is deﬁne d as an inﬁnity value. Although
Julia has a dynamic type system  (see Chapter 1) you can still deﬁne types
while writing the values except on global variables.
julia> reshape([1, 2, 3, 4], (2, 2)) # resizing a matrix to a
defined
size 2×2 Matrix{Int64}:
1 3
2 4
reshape()  function in Julia returns an array with the provided modiﬁed
dimensions. While working with mathematical operations on arrays, it
becomes necessary to reshape the matrix or vector to perform certain
computations such as vector dot products.
julia> arr = [1, 2, 3, 4] 4-element Vector{Int64}:
1
2
3
4
julia> arr + arr # addition operation on two arrays 4-element
Vector{Int64}:
2
4
6
8
julia> arr - arr # subtraction operation on two arrays 4-
element Vector{Int64}:
0
0
0
0
julia> arr * reshape(arr, (1, length(arr))) # multiplication
operation 4×4 Matrix{Int64}:
1 2 3 4
2 4 6 8
3 6 9 12
4 8 12 16
julia> arr / arr # division operation 4×4 Matrix{Float64}:
0.0333333 0.0666667 0.1 0.133333
0.0666667 0.133333 0.2 0.266667
0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4
0.133333 0.266667 0.4 0.533333
As you can see, we can perform various basic mathematical operations such
as addition, subtraction, multiplication and division with arrays.
Manipulating arrays in programming is similar to array manipulation in
mathematics. Arrays perform various mathematical operations when inputs
have the same dimensions. While vector addition, subtraction and division
don’t need to change the dimensions of the arrays in Julia, we need to
reshape our second array during  multiplication to match the dimensions of
the ﬁrst array . reshape(arr, (1, length(arr)))  is similar to transpose
operation in mathematics. The dimensions of the resulting array depend on
the dimensions of the input arrays. It can be a single-valued array or a
multidimensional array .
julia> Float32.([4.3, 5, 0]) # type-casting of an array to
floating point 3-element Vector{Float32}:
4.3
5.0
0.0
You can convert  the type from Float64 to Float32 in Julia by using Float32.
([4.3, 5, 0]) . The vector is now a 3-element Vector{Float32} .
You must have noticed a dot after the type declaration. That dot is a dot
operator . The dot operator is designed to be applied element-wise with
collections of values such as a vector or matrix. In progra mming, this
technique is known as broadcas ting. If we want to apply speciﬁc functions
over single or multi-dimensional arrays, then usually we go for a loop, that
is, if-else-end , while-end , or for-end  loops. But it is lengthy for typing
out. In Julia, we can apply the same function across all elements of the array
by using a dot notation after the function’ s name. Let’ s see an example.
julia> func(x) = 7x^2/(4+5x^3) # defining a function in Julia
func (generic function with 1 method)
julia> x = [2π/n for n=1:3] 3-element Vector{Float64}:
6.283185307179586
3.141592653589793
2.0943951023931953
julia> y = func.(x)
3-element Vector{Float64}:
0.22210061177582122
0.43442513879920297
0.6149053316945388
In the example, func.(x)  shows that it is applied across all elements of the
three-element Vector . Dot notation can be used with binary operators,
functions, data types, and so on. julia> x = [2, 4, 5]
3-element Vector{Int64}:
2
4
5
julia> y = 5x.^3 + 6x.^5 3-element Vector{Int64}:
232
6464
19375
julia> y = sin.(x) # using sine operation over all values in
array 3-element Vector{Float64}:
0.9092974268256817
-0.7568024953079282
-0.9589242746631385
Note : π is a Unicod e representation of the value pi=3.141592653897… in
Julia. Julia supports many other  symbolic Unicode representations. You can
get the π Unic ode in Julia REPL or notebook via TeX completion \pi
followed by a tab. You can also access the pi value by writing just pi in the
Julia console. In Julia, the π value is stored as irrational rather than rounded
to the nearest foating-point value.
While working on any deep learning problems, we generally work with
arrays of numeri cal data. It is impossible to write huge arrays of numbers by
hand, hence, we use a function rand  which generates the desired number of
random numbers. For example,
julia> example = rand(5, 7) # defining an array with random
floating values 5×7 Matrix{Float64}:
0.84574 0.394717 0.317663 0.0265575 0.154856 0.180189
0.865816 0.251014 0.256149 0.557439 0.814052 0.607115 0.173
0.265682
0.265331  0.439098  0.786905  0.310021  0.441693  0.407871
0.145327  0.269942  0.992338  0.044133  0.493182  0.424494
0.869254  0.319185  0.300924  0.117598  0.250328  0.863686
0.351836  0.163491  0.617714
julia> example1 = rand(Int64, 5, 7)#Random Integer values in
array 5×7 Matrix{Int64}:
-7854820187046981395 671422092392350264 …
-8797921353975463297 1190311527666160570 -2999535863210223006
1196246067491248664  4090788726465192959 -5805998217061788037
-6607041929927670283 -3603700130076647610 4972624035219583797
907458187756625011
-6979151765419648327 8824871015523778106 -1654918304789514935
You can see the rand function creates a two-dimensional array  with 5 rows
and 7 columns as speciﬁed in the rand(5, 7) function. By default, the data
type is set to Float64 . But you can change that as shown in the second
example. The data type is changed to Int64. Some other useful functions
while dealing with numerical  data are randn, ones, zeros, size,
length,  and so on which we will be using throughout the book. Let’s see
how these work. julia> length(example) # finding total elements in
the array
35
julia> size(example) # finding the size/no. of dimensions of
the array (5, 7)
julia> typeof(example) # finding data types of values in the
array Matrix{Float64} (alias for Array{Float64, 2})
julia> zeros(5, 4) #creating an array with defined size filled
only with 0 5×4 Matrix{Float64}:
0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
julia> ones(4) #creating an array with defined size filled only
with
1 4-element Vector{Float64}:
1.0
1.0
1.0
1.0
julia> randn(5, 2) # defining an array with random floating
values 5×2 Matrix{Float64}:
-0.221947 -0.462047
1.00376 0.775232
-0.870823 -1.34012
-0.0373757 -1.26907
-0.155329 1.46971
length(example)  returns the total number of elements in the array .
size(example)  returns the size of the array . randn(example)  works
similarly to rand()  with more variables, one for the number of rows and the
other one for the number of columns. For more information on these
functions, you can always go to help mode in REPL  by typing ? on the
console. In help mode, the prompt will change from julia>  to help?> . Press
Backspace to exit the help mode. Apart from the above operati ons, Float64,
Float32, Comp lexF64 and ComplexF32 support some linear algebraic
operations such as dot product, vector addition, deep copying, ﬁnding
maximum absol ute value and so on. Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms
(BLAS) is a design that deﬁnes a set of low-level routines for executing
standard linear algebra operations such as vector addition, scalar
multiplication, matrix multiplication, linear combinations, and dot products.
By default, BLAS is the stand ard low-level operation for linear algebra
libraries. Heavy linear algebra operations in Julia are based on the LAPACK
library , which is constructed on top of fundamental linear -algebra building
blocks known as the BLAS. There are highly optimized BLAS
implementations available for every computer architecture. It is convenient
to invok e the BLAS functions directly in high-performance linear algebra
routines. You can look into
https://docs.julialang.or g/en/v1/stdlib/LinearAlgebra/#BLAS-functions  for
more information on LAPACK/BLAS support in Julia. BLAS functions
perform way faster than naive implementations of algorithms.
Declaring variables
We understand the meaning of a value be it numeric or textual. Now we will
learn about varia bles. A program is typically made up of instructions that tell
the computer what to perform and the data that the program needs while
executing. A variable in program ming is a value that may vary depending on
the conditions or infor mation provided to the program. Simply put, a
variable is a name that is associated with a value. The assignme nt operator =
(equal sign) is the easiest technique to associate a value with a variable
name.
julia> n = 1
1
julia> a = 7
7
julia> t = false
false
julia> yt = [2, 4, 56.7]
3-element Vector{Float64}:
2.0
4.0
56.7
In this code sample, n, a, t and yt are all variables. The values 1, 7, false and
[2, 4, 56.7] are the values contained in the respective variables. If we want to
use the value, we can simply use the variable associated with the value
instead.
julia> a+1
8
julia> a+1
8
julia> a+1+1
9
julia> ~t
true
julia> t
false
As you can see, we can use the variable a to represent 7 instead of writing 7.
The variables are useful when writing expressions and manipulating them.
Another thing you can see is that the original value of the variable is not
changed when you try to manipulate it. A variable can retain a location in
one form of memory known as the “heap.” The heap variables have an
address that corresponds to the place in the memory that they inhabit, and so
the value that they represent can be altered by updating the content of that
location in memory . Heap is the location of mutable variables.
There are other fast-tracked memory locations such as stack or processor
cache and most immutable variables are stored, altered and manipulated by
the compiler according to the instructions. In this code sample,  you can see
the value of a or t is not altered, hence these variables are stored in the heap
with a memory address.
Julia has a highl y fexible variable naming mechanism. Variable  names have
no semantic value and are case-sensitive. Unicode names (encoded in UTF-
8) are also supported.
julia> udhr = “ 在尊严和权利上⼀律平等 ”
“在尊严和权利上⼀律平等 ”
julia> 하세요  = “Yellow”
“Yellow”
julia> σ  = 0.003
0.003
You can’t redeﬁne variables with the already deﬁned constant values or
functions in Julia. You will get errors if you try deﬁning the built-in variables
again in the same Julia session.
julia> length = 3
3
julia> string = 5
5
julia> sqrt = 3
3
julia> string(4)
ERROR: MethodError: objects of type Int64 are not callable
Maybe you forgot to use an operator such as *, ^, %, / etc. ?
Stacktrace:
[1] top-level scope
@ REPL[17]:1
julia> string(4.6)
ERROR: MethodError: objects of type Int64 are not callable
Maybe you forgot to use an operator such as *, ^, %, / etc. ?
Stacktrace:
[1] top-level scope
@ REPL[18]:1
julia> null = 9
9
julia> Inf = 8
8
julia> pi = 3
3
julia> pi
3
julia> sqrt(100)
ERROR: MethodError: objects of type Int64 are not callable
Maybe you forgot to use an operator such as *, ^, %, / etc. ?
Stacktrace:
[1] top-level scope
@ REPL[23]:1
In general, sqrt()  and pi would act as square root functions and the value
of pi should be shown as we saw earlier . But since here, we deﬁned variables
sqrt and pi initially , they are treated as variables now and their values can’t
be altere d. In short , they won’ t be overwr itten by the in-built value of a
function or constant respectively . If initially , we would have used sqrt as a
function and pi as its in-built constant, then we can’t use those as variables
in the same Julia session.
Acceptable variable names in Julia
As we learnt that we can’t have generic in-built predeﬁned constants or
function names  as variables in a single Julia session, let us see what
characters and names are acceptable to use in Julia.
Variable names must begin with a letter (A-Z or a-z), underscore, or a
subset of Unicode code points greater than 00A0; speciﬁcally , the
Unicode characters, currency and other symbols, and a few other letter -
like characters are permitted.
The following characters may contain ! and digits (0-9), as well as
additional Unicode code points, certain punctuation connectors, primes,
and a few other characters.
The variables shouldn’ t be in-built keywords like if, for, else,
try, and so on.
julia> else = false
ERROR: syntax: unexpected “else”
Stacktrace:
[1] top-level scope
@ none:1
julia> if = true
ERROR: syntax: unexpected “=” Stacktrace:
[1] top-level scope @ none:1
julia> catch = “HEllo”
ERROR: syntax: unexpected “catch”
Stacktrace:
top-level scope
@ none:1
julia> for = 75.4
ERROR: syntax: unexpected “=” Stacktrace:
[1] top-level scope
@ none:1
As you can see, when you use predeﬁned keywords as variables, Julia’ s
compiler will generate problems.
There are some speciﬁc styling conventions that are used for declaring
variables in Julia which are encouraged to follow but that’ s not bound.
Variable names are in lowercase.
Underlines (‘_’) can be used to denote word separation, althou gh they
are discouraged  unless the name would be difﬁcult to read otherwise.
Functions and macro names are in lowercase, with no underscores.
Type and Module names begin with a capital letter , and word
separation is represented with upper camel case rather than
underscores.
Function names that end in! are those that write to their ar guments.
These are sometimes known as “mutating” or “in-place” functions
since they are meant to induce changes in their parameters after the
function is called rather than just returning a value.
Bound vs Copy in mutable variables
A value is bound to a variable if we use an assignment operator such as “=”.
A value is copied to a variab le if we use the copy()  function. Let us
understand this through the example. julia> a = 4
4
julia> b = a
4
julia> n = copy(a)
4
julia> a = 6
6
julia> b
4
julia> n
4
No chan ges happened as numerical values are not associated with multiple
variables. All the variables are independent of each other . But let us see
where values such as arrays and tuples are mutable and depe ndent on the
variables. Variables a, b, and n are not bound to each other . Hence, if we
change the value of a, it doesn’ t change the value of b or n.
julia> r = [3.4, 5]
2-element Vector{Float64}:
3.4
5.0
julia> t = r
2-element Vector{Float64}:
3.4
5.0
julia> r[1] = 3
3
julia> t[1]
3.0
julia> s = copy(r)
2-element Vector{Float64}:
3.0
5.0
julia> r[2] = 7
7
julia> s[2]
5.0
You can see that the variable t is bound to variable r by the assignment
operator . We changed the value of the ﬁrst array element and it changed the
value of both the variables t and r. While s is the copied value of the variable
r and changing the second element of the variable r doesn’ t chan ge the value
of the copied variable s.
The address of the bound variable is linked to the original variable, hence
changes in the original variable change the values of the bound variable. The
address of the copy variable is altogether a separate address and is not linked
to the original variable so s is not affected by the change in the original
variable.
You can see that we are not deﬁning any types with the variabl es. Julia is a
dynamically typed language, the variables are associated with the type of
value it stores. It is advised not to use the same variable for two different
values although it won’ t be an error but performance might decrease. Julia is
a compiled language, as we covered in the previous chapter . Julia attempts to
discover all potential sorts of values that may be tied to a particular variable
name during compilation. julia> g = 7
7
julia> typeof(g)
Int64
julia> h = 45.6
45.6
julia> typeof(h)
Float64
You can see we don’t have to explicitly deﬁne the types of variables g or h,
rather Julia determines the type Int64  and Float64  respectively on its own.
Constructing contr ol ﬂows
The control ﬂow is the sequence in which statements in a script are
processed by the computer . Unless the computer encounters (very common)
structures that affect the control ﬂow, such as conditionals and loops, code is
run in sequence from the ﬁrst line in the ﬁle to the ﬁnal line. These common
structures such as conditionals and loops are like little scripts inside the
entire script. The ﬂow is controlled within the structures for quite some time
depending on the parameter that controls the ﬂow sequence. Since the
structures have their own contro l ﬂow, the code is run in seque nce from the
ﬁrst line in the structure to the ﬁnal line as well. Julia has a number of
control ﬂow structures, such as:
1. Evaluation under conditions
2. Evaluation of short circuits
a. Handling exceptions
b. Loops (Repeated evaluation)
3. Expressions in compound form
Evaluation under conditions
Conditional evaluation is applied in cases where different outcomes should
be undertaken based on the value of a criterion. This section demonstrates
how to handle conditional expressions in Julia as well as common patterns to
be aware of when dealing with Boolean conditional statements.
In Figur e 2.11, we are trying to ﬁgure out breakfast for ourselves. We go
through various options (criteria) and a complex web of yes and no answers
attached to it. At each criterion, we stop and ask if we want a particular item
for breakfast, then go on looking for some other item that will complement
our previous breakfast choice.
Figure 2.1 1: A workﬂow of various br eakfast ideas with some possible outcomes
This complex web of various breakfast ideas includes the use of if -
elseif - elseif - … - else - end. The question is asking if the person
wants milk, if yes then asks if the person wants some cereal and if no, it goes
on providing other breakfast options. It goes on until you ﬁnd your choice of
breakfast or you are out of options in your house.
julia> milk = 0
0
julia> eggs = 1
1
julia> bacon = 1
1
julia> bread = 1
1
julia> if milk == 1
if cereal == 1
print(“Here, have your breakfast!”)
end
elseif eggs == 1
if bacon == 1
print(“Here, have your breakfast!”)
end
elseif bread == 1
print(“Here, have your breakfast!”)
else
print(“We are out of options!”)
end
Here, have your breakfast!
The code is the exact replica of our breakfast workﬂow in Julia. First, we
need to deﬁne all the variables (milk, eggs, bacon, bread) and assign them
values (0 or 1), like milk=0, eggs=1, bacon=1, and bread=1. Then we will
start working our way through all the conditional statements checking each
of the variables (0 - not available, 1 - available). == is used to check if the
value of the variable is equal to a certain value. The if statement checks if
the value of the variable is equal to a certain value, then if it is, it does a
certain job or else continues checking further till out of options.
Let us understand the parts of the if - elseif - else - end statement. The
if statement consists of the if keyword and a boolean value. If the boolean
value is true, then it does the work otherwise it goes to the next keyword
such as elseif or else. A boolean  value is encountered and if it’s true, then it
does work otherwise it goes to the next keyword. milk == 1 is a conditional
statement. It evaluates a logical statement. The value of every logical
statement is a boolean value (true or false). We can use other logical
expressions such as >, <, <=, >=, != (not equal to) and isapprox()  function
other than == in the conditional statements. elseif and else are also
conditional statements.
Note:  isapprox()  function returns a boolean value. It is mostly used in
foating-point integer evaluations to get a value close to the actual value. In
the Julia REPL, type \approx and press the tab to get the approx (≈)
character .
Tip In the sample code, I used a single tab to indent the code. You can use 4
spaces or 2 spaces. There is no hard and fast indentation rule in Julia as in
Python. We generally use 2 spaces for better code readability . The Julia code
usually looks for certain keywords like the end for compl etion of the
statement or loop.
Evaluating short cir cuits
For evaluating logical expressio ns, we also use &&, ||, & (bitw ise or) and |
(bitwise or) operators. These operators are used along with <, >, ==, <=, >=
and !=.
julia> 0.1 + 0.2 ≈ 0.3
true
julia> 0.1 + 0.2 ≈ 0.3 && false
false
julia> 0.1 + 0.2 == 0.3 && true
false
In general, && and || both perfo rm short-circuit evaluation. This means the
logical expressions connected by these operators evaluate the minimum
possible number of logical expressions that are required to get the ﬁnal value
of the entire logical expression. Let us look at the code below to understand
this better .
julia> true || print(“Hello”)
true
julia> false || print(“Hello”)
Hello
julia> true && print(“Hello”)
Hello
julia> false && print(“Hello”)
false
For ||, if the ﬁrst expression is true, it doesn’ t evaluate the second or more
expressions. Here, in the ﬁrst line of code, before || we have true and the
output shows true without even evaluating the rest of the expression. If the
ﬁrst statement or initial statements are false, then the statement connected by
|| goes on evaluating the rest of the expression as in the second line of code
and it prints Hello.
For &&, if the ﬁrst expression is false, it doesn’ t evaluate the second or more
expressions. Here, in the fourth line of code, before && we have false and
the output shows false without even evaluating the rest of the expression. If
the ﬁrst statement or initial statements are true, then the stateme nt connected
by && goes on evaluating the rest of the expression as in the third line of
code and it prints Hello.
|| statement can be interpreted as a conditional statement.
julia> if !(true)
print(“Hello”)
end
&& statement can be interpreted as a conditional statement.
julia> if (true)
print(“Hello”)
end
Hello
We can interpret the ternary operations as an if-else-end statement in Julia.
julia> true ? print(“Hi”) : print(“Hello”)
Hi
julia> false ? print(“Hi”) : print(“Hello”)
Hello
Tip: Remem ber to add spaces before and after the operators other than !
operator . You can use the print()  or println()  function.
The preceding code can be interpreted as the following:
julia> if true
print(“Hi”)
else
print(“Hello”)
end
Hi
julia> if false
print(“Hi”)
else
print(“Hello”)
end
Hello
Handling exceptions
In the if-else-end  statement, we get to assign tasks for both alternative
choices. But sometimes, like in the breakfast ideas workﬂow (Figur e 2.11),
at the end we reached a point where we didn’ t have any options for
breakfast, that is, We are out of options . What can we do if we encoun ter a
similar issue with the code? We can term the breakfast dilemma option as an
exception or error . We have a try-catch-end  statement for handling such
exceptions or errors. In such scenarios, it may be advisable to either end the
program while issuing a diagnostic error notice, or, if the programmer has
written code to handle such unusual conditions, let that code take the proper
action. You can ﬁnd more types of such exceptions and errors at
https://docs.julialang.or g/en/v1/manual/control-ﬂow/#Built-in-Exceptions .
julia> try
log(-54)
catch e
print(“Can’t be negative”)
end
Can’t be negative
julia> x = try
log(-54)
catch e
print(“Can’t be negative”)
finally
print(“\n This will always be logged”)
end
Can’t be negative
This will always be logged
You can store the results of the try-catch-end  block inside a variable. You
can log the statement or else print out a placeholder value. The ﬁnally clause
(if prese nt) is always performed at the end of the try-catch-finally-end
block.
julia> p = try
log(-54)
catch e
throw(e)
finally
println(“This will always be logged”)
end
This will always be logged
ERROR: DomainError with -54.0:
log will only return a complex result if called with a complex
argument. Try log(Complex(x)).
Stacktrace:
[1] top-level scope
@ REPL[38]:4
caused by: DomainError with -54.0:
log will only return a complex result if called with a complex
argument. Try log(Complex(x)).
Keywords like throw , rethrow , catch_backtrace , and so on are mostly used
to get a general idea of the exception and the reason for the exception. Here,
throw(e)  shows the exception that occurred while handling the try block.
You can generat e exceptions on your own by using the throw  keyword. You
can get the rest of the stacktrace  of the above code by replicating the code
in your REPL.
Loops (Repeated evaluation)
As the name suggests, repeated evaluation occurs inside a loop. Julia
supports two types of loops: for-end  and while-end .
julia> for x in range(1, 1, 3)
print(“Help\n”)
end
Help
Help
Help
You can see that in the for loop, we give certain conditions in the for loop.
The range()  function takes in the start point of the loop, step count of the
loop, ﬁnal point of the loop and length of the loop in the respective order .
Here, the start point is 1 as the value of x gets started with 1. The ﬁnal point
is 3 as the value  of x ends the loop when it surpasses 3. Step countimplies
how many steps  should the x jump, if it’s 1, then the value of x should go 1-
2-3 then drop the loop. If the step count is 2, then the value of x should go 1-
3 then drop the loop. If the step count is 3, the value of x should go 1 then
drop the loop. In the for-loop, you go through a set of values for the iterator ,
which is x in this case.
Note:  An iterator goes through all the values step-wise.
julia> x = 1
julia> while x < 4
print(“Help\n”)
x += 1
end
Help
Help
Help
A while loop goes through all the values until a condition is satisﬁed. In this
case, the condition to be met is that x should be less than 4. We initialize the
variable x as 1. This loop also prints Help 3 times as the increment of the
value of x happens inside the loop but since x is a global variable it gets
incremented.
Tip: You can use shorthand notation s for mathematical operations (+, -, *, /)
such as +=, -=, *=,
/=. These are called unary operators. x += 1 means x = x + 1.
In Julia, the break  keyword is used to exit the loop early . For example, if
you have a for loop that is supposed to iterate over a collection of items, you
can use break  to exit the loop early if some condition is met. Here is an
example:
for i in 1:10
if i == 5
break
end
println(i)
end
1
2
3
4
In this code, the for loop will iterate over the numbers from 1 to 10, and print
each number to the console. However , when i reaches 5, the if statement will
evaluate to true and the break keyword will be executed, causing the loop to
exit early and not print the remaining numbers. This will result in the
following output.
The break  keyword is often used in combination with the continue
keyword, which  allows you to skip the remaining code in the current
iteration of the loop and move on to the next iteration. Together , these
keywords allow you to control the ﬂow of a loop and execute code only
under certain conditions.
Expressions in compound form
It is better to execute numerous operations but group them together such that
they seem to the outside world as one expression returning the value of the
ﬁnal expression inside it. Using two syntaxes, you can combine numerous
expressions into one in Julia. Compound expressions in Julia are
combinations of multiple expres sions that are evaluated together as a single
unit. They are commonly used to combine multiple operations into a single
line of code or to create complex conditional statements.
Compound expressions are enclosed in parentheses and use the keywords
begin  and end to deno te the start and end of the expression. The expressions
within the compound expression  are separated by semicolons, and the result
of the last expression is returned as the result of the entire compound
expression.
For example, the following compound expression combines two conditional
statements and a mathematical operation:
result = (if x > y begin x - y end else begin y - x end);
x * result
In this case, the result of the ﬁrst part of the compound expre ssion will be
used in the second part to calculate the ﬁnal result. Compound expressions
can help to make code more concise and easier to read.
Deﬁning functions
In Julia, a functi on is a block of code that takes one or more inputs, performs
some operations  on those inputs, and then produces one or more outputs.
Functions are a convenient way to encapsulate a piece of code that performs
a speciﬁc task, and they can be used to organize and reuse code in a
program.
To deﬁne a function in Julia, you use the function keyword, followed by the
name of the function, a list of input arguments enclosed in parentheses, and
the code that makes up the body of the function, enclosed in curly braces.
Here is an exam ple of a simple function that takes two numbers  as input and
returns their sum:
function add(x, y)
return x + y
end
To call a function in Julia, you simply write the name of the function
followed by the inputs that you want to pass to it, enclosed in parentheses.
For example, you could call the add function deﬁned above like this:
add(3, 4)
This would return the value 7.
Functions in Julia can also take default values for their arguments. This
means that if you call the funct ion without specifying a value for one of its
arguments, it will use the default value instead. For example, you could
deﬁne the add function like this:
function add(x, y = 0)
return x + y
end
Now , if you call the add function with only one argument, it will use the
default value of 0 for the y argument, and return the sum of the two
numbers. For example:
add(3)
This would return the value 3.
Scope rules for variables
The scope of the variable in Julia refers to the part of the code  where
the variable can be accessed and used. There are three types of variable
scope in Julia: global, local, and anonymous.
Global variables are deﬁned outside of any function and can be
accessed and used by any code in the program.
Local variables are deﬁned within a function and can only be accessed
and used within that function.
Anonymous variables are deﬁned within an expression and can only be
accessed and used within that expression.
It is important to consider the scope of a variable when writing code in
Julia to ensure that the correct variables are being used and to prevent
unintended errors or conﬁcts.
Conclusion
In this chapter , we learnt to install and set up Julia in our system. We
understood how to write and use various data values such as integer , foating
point, boolean and string in Julia. We learnt about introducing and assigning
values in variabl es as well as using variables in place of values that represent
the values in programs. We learnt about control ﬂows and functions in Julia
along with handling errors and exceptions in Julia. We learnt about loops,
broadcasting features, and various mathematical symbols in Julia.
In the next chapter , we will learn to extend capabilities of Julia by
understanding the type systems, multiple dispatch and managing packages.
Additionally , Julia macro writing and usage will be explained. These
functionalities will help in scaling our Julia projects.
Questions
1. What are the various types of values that you can work on in Julia?
2. How will you add a package in Julia?
3. Can you handle an exception that occurred while using a try-catch
block through an if else-end  block? If yes, how?
4. What are the dif ferent ways to introduce a function?
CHAPTER  3
Features Assisting Scaling ML Projects
Introduction
In this chapter , we will be introducing several key concepts  in the Julia
programming language. We will begin by discussing functions,  which are a
fundamental building block of any programming language. In the last
chapter , we learnt a basic way of introducing functions in Julia. In this
chapter , we will learn and understand various other ways of writing and
using functions in Julia. We will then move on to the topic of the type
system, which is an important part of Julia’ s design that allows  it to be both
high-level and high-performance. Next, we will discuss multiple dispatch,
which is a unique feature of Julia that allows functions to be dispatched to
different implementations based on the types of their argume nts. We will
also cover how to manage packages and modules in Julia, which are
essential for organizing and sharing code. Finally , we will brieﬂy introduce
macros, which are a powerful tool for extending the language and
metaprogramming. By the end of this chapter , you should have a good
understanding of these fundamental concepts in Julia, and be well on your
way to becoming a proﬁcient Julia programmer . Let’ s get started!
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered:
Revisiting functions in Julia
Type system in Julia
Multiple dispatch in Julia
Managing packages in Julia
Using macros
Revisiting Functions in Julia
Functions are essential parts of any programming language, and Julia is no
different. They allow us to write reusable pieces of code that can be called
with different arguments to perform a speciﬁc task. In Chapter 2, Getting
started with Julia , we learnt to deﬁne and call functions in Julia. In this
chapter , we will understand the basic idea behind a function as well as how
to use them to write modular and efﬁcient code.
A general function in Julia consists of ﬁve parts.
1. The function-end keyword
2. The name of the function
3. The ar guments used in the function
4. The body of the function
5. The return statement of the function
Figure 3.1:  Parts of a function
The function-end keyword
Like any other language, Julia starts with the keyword function. In Julia, the
function keyword is used to deﬁne a new function. For example, consider the
following function deﬁnition:
julia> function saluer(name)
println(“Bonjour, $name”)
end
This deﬁnes a function saluer that takes a single argument name and prints a
greeting to the screen. To call the function, you would use its name followed
by the ar guments in parentheses:
julia> saluer(“Julia”)
This would print Bonjour, Julia  on the screen.
Unlike other languages, Julia detects the end of a function by the end
keyword. In Julia, the end keyword is used to mark the end of a block of
code. It is often used to mark the end of a function deﬁnition. For example,
julia> function saluer(name)
println(“Bienvenue, $name”)
end
Here, the end keyword marks the end of the saluer function deﬁnition. Every
function deﬁnition in Julia must end with the end keyword.
The end keywor d is also used to mark the end of other types of code blocks
in Julia,  such as loop constructs, conditional statements, and compound
expressions.
The name of the function
In Julia, the name of a function is the identiﬁer that is used to refer to the
function. It is speciﬁed when the function is deﬁned and is used to call the
function. For example, consider the following function deﬁnition:
julia> function saluer(name)
println(“Bonne nuit, $name”)
end
The name of this function is saluer. To call the function, you would use its
name followed by the ar guments in parentheses:
julia> saluer(“Julia”)
This would print “Bonne nuit, Julia” on the screen.
The name of the function can be any valid Julia identiﬁer , as long as it is not
already in use as a variable, function, or type name in the current scope.
Function names are usually chosen to be descriptive of the function’ s
purpose, to make it easier for other developers to understand what the
function does.
Function naming rules in Julia
In Julia, there are a few rules that you should follow when naming functions:
Function names  must start with a letter or an underscore (_). They can
also contain letters, digits, and underscores.
Function names  are case-sensitive. This means that foo and Foo are
considered to be dif ferent names.
Function names  cannot be the same as any of the Julia built-in
keywords, such as function, end, if, and so on.
Function names should be descriptive and meaningful. It’s a good idea
to choose names that reﬂect the purpose of the function.
It’s also a good idea to follow the conventions of the Julia community
when naming your functions, such as using snake_case  for function
names.
Some examples of valid function names in Julia are foo, _private,
calculate_sum , and mean_and_variance .
julia> function add_two_numbers(x, y)
return x + y
end
julia> function _private_function()
# do something
end
julia> function compute_average(numbers)
total = sum(numbers)
return total/length(numbers)
end
On the other hand, the following names would not be allowed:
julia> function 123_invalid_name()
# this is not allowed because it starts with a digit
end
julia> function function()
# this is not allowed because  function  is a built-in keyword
end
The Arguments Used in the Function
In Julia, arguments are the values that are passed to a function when it is
called. A functio n can have any number of arguments, and the arguments can
be of any type. To deﬁne a function that takes arguments, you specify the
names of the arguments in the function deﬁnition, separated by commas. For
example,
julia> function add(x, y)
return x + y
end
This deﬁnes a function add that takes two arguments, x and y. When calling
the function, you pass the arguments in the same order as they are deﬁned in
the function deﬁnition: julia> result = add(3, 4)
This would call the add function  with the arguments 3 and 4, and assign the
result (7) to the variable result.
You can also deﬁne functions with multiple arguments, keywor d arguments,
and default values for ar guments. For example,
julia> function saluer(name; greeting=”Bonjour”,
punctuation=”!”)
println(“$greeting, $name$punctuation”)
end
This deﬁnes a function saluer that takes a single positional argument: name
and two keyword arguments: greeting and punctuation. The keyword
arguments have default values, so you can call the function with just the
name ar gument:
julia> saluer(“Julia”)
This will print Bonjour, Julia!.  You can also specify the values of the
keyword ar guments by name:
julia> greet(“Julia”, greeting=”Bonsoir”, punctuation=”!!”)
This will print Bonsoir, Julia!!.
The Body of the Function
In Julia, the body of a function is the block of code that is executed when the
function is called. The body of a function is typically deﬁned between the
function keyword and the end keyword and consists of one or more
statements that perform some action or calculation. You can also deﬁne
functions with more complex bodies, consistin g of multiple statements and
control structures such as if statements, for loops, and while loops.
The return Statement of the Function
In Julia, the return statement is used to specify the value that a function
should return when it is ﬁnished  executing. When the function is called, the
result of the return statement will be the value that is returned to the caller .
result = add(3, 4) would call the add function with the arguments 3 and
4, and assign the result (7) to the variable result.
The return statement is optional in Julia. If a function doesn’ t have a return
statement, or the return statemen t is not reached, the function will return the
special value nothing. This can be useful when you want a function to
perform an action, but don’ t need to return a speciﬁc value.
julia> function saluer(name; greeting=”Bonjour”,
punctuation=”!”)
println(“$greeting, $name$punctuation”)
end
julia> saluer(“Julia”)
This function does not have a return statement, so it will return nothing when
it is called.
Positional and keyword arguments
Positional arguments in Julia are arguments that are passed to a function in a
speciﬁc order , based on the position of the argument in the function
deﬁnition. For example,
Figure 3.2:  Positional and keywor d arguments of a function
julia> function greet(greeting, name)
println(“$greeting, $name”)
end
julia> greet(“Hello”, “Julia”)
Here, the greet function takes two arguments: greeting and name. When the
function is called with the arguments Hello  and Julia , the values are
assigned to the greeting and name arguments in the order in which they are
deﬁned in the function deﬁnition.
Keyword arguments in Julia are arguments that are passed to a function by
name, rather than by position. For example,
julia> function greet(; greeting=”Hello”, name)
println(“$greeting, $name”)
end
julia> greet(name=”Julia”, greeting=”Hola”)
Here, the greet function takes two arguments: a keyword argument greeting
with a default value of Hello , and a positional argument name. When the
function is called with the arguments name=”Julia ” and greeting=”Hola” ,
the values are assigned to the name and greeting arguments based on the
names of the ar guments, rather than their position.
Here is a pictor ial representatio n of the difference between positional and
keyword
arguments: Positional arguments:
function greet(greeting, name)
greet(“Hello”, “Julia”)
-------------------
| greeting | name |
-------------------
| “Hello” | “Julia” |
-------------------
Keyword arguments:
function greet(; greeting=”Hello”, name)
greet(name=”Julia”, greeting=”Hola”)
-------------------
| greeting | name |
-------------------
| “Hola” | “Julia” |
-------------------
Passing arguments in Julia
The use of the = assignment to set the default values of the parameters
demonstrates another essential aspect of Julia. If you send a value to a
function, Julia binds the function parameter name to this value, in the same
way, binding a variable to a value works. Adding! as a sufﬁx to the function
name (func!)  is a stylistic practice that informs users that the function’ s
parameters may change. Here is an example of a function named f! that
alters the contents of an array by adding 1 to each element:
julia> function func!(arr)
for i in 1:length(arr)
arr[i] += 1
end
end
# Test the function
julia> arr = [1, 2, 3, 4]
julia> func!(arr)
julia> println(arr) # Output: [2, 3, 4, 5]
Here is another example of a function named func! that alters
the contents of a dictionary by adding a key-value pair:
julia> function func!(dict)
dict[“new key”] = “new value”
end
# Test the function
julia> dict = {“key1” => “value1”, “key2” => “value2”}
julia> func!(dict)
println(dict) # Output: Dict(“key1”=>”value1”,
“key2”=>”value2”, “new key”=>”new value”)
Note that the ! at the end of the function name is a convention that signals to
users that the function may modify its arguments. It is not required for the
function to actually modify its arguments, but it is good practice to use this
convention to indicate to other users of the function that it may have side
effects.
Short Syntax for Writing Functions in Julia
You can also use the short syntax for deﬁning functions, which omits the
function keywor d and uses the = symbol to separate the function name and
arguments from  the function body . For example, you can deﬁne an add
function that takes in x, and y as its arguments and returns the sum. julia>
add(x, y) = x + y
When passing a function as an argument to another function, it is common to
deﬁne a function that does not require a name. We just want to deﬁne such a
function momen tarily and then pass it to another function. In Julia, such
unnamed functions are referred to as anonymous functions.
The syntax is quite similar to the brief syntax we studied before, except that
the function name is skipped, and = is replaced with ->.
The input to the sum function in this example is a function and a list. The
function is deﬁned as julia> x -> x ^ 2, which is a shorthand way of
writing an anonymous function that takes an input x and return s x squared.
The list is [1, 2, 3].
The sum functio n applies the anonymous function to each element of the list
and returns the sum of the results. In this case, the anonymous function is
applied to the elements 1, 2, and 3 in turn, resulting in the value s 1, 4, and 9.
The sum of these values is 14, which is the output of the sum function. So
the code sum(x -> x ^ 2, [1, 2, 3]) calculates the sum of the squares of
the elements in the list [1, 2, 3],  which is 14.
Type System in Julia
The type system in Julia is a powerful tool that helps the language to be fast
and efﬁcient. It allows us to specify the types of variables and function
arguments, whic h can help the compiler to generate more efﬁci ent code and
also prevent common mistakes. We will learn about the different types in
Julia and how to use them ef fectively .
The ability to deﬁne multiple methods for a single function is a powerful
feature of Julia, and it is made possible by the language’ s strong type system.
In Julia,  types are used to represent the kind of data that a variable can hold,
and they play a central role in determining which method of a function will
be called.
In Julia , a function can have multiple methods, which are different
implementations of the function that are selected based on the types of
arguments passed to the function. This is known as multiple dispatch, and it
is one of the key features of Julia.
For example, consider the following function deﬁnition:
julia> function f(x, y)
println(“default method”)
end
julia> f(x::Int, y::Int) = println(“method for integer
arguments”) julia> f(x::Float64, y::Float64) = println(“method
for float arguments”)
In this case, the function f has three metho ds: the default method, which is
selected if none of the other methods match the types of the arguments, and
two specialized methods that are selected if the arguments are integers or
ﬂoating-point numbers, respectively .
To call a speciﬁc method, you can use the @which macro, like this:
julia> @which f(1, 2)
julia> @which f(1.0, 2.0)
This will print out the code for the speciﬁc method that will be called in each
case. In the function deﬁnition above, the specialized methods for f are
selected based on the types of the arguments x and y, which must be either
integers or ﬂoating-point numbers. This allows the programm er to write
efﬁcient and specialized code for different types of data, and it also helps the
Julia compiler to generate highly optimized code. Overall, the combination
of multi ple dispatch and a stron g type system makes Julia a powerful and
ﬂexible programming language for a wide range of applications.
In Julia,  every value has a type,  which determines the set of operations that
can be performed on that value. Julia has a rich set of built-in types,
including Int, Float64, String, and Array , as well as a number of composite
types such as Tuple and Dict. Julia also supports user-deﬁned types,
allowing you to create custom types that can be used in your code.
In Julia,  types are organized into a hierarchy , with more general types at the
top and more speciﬁc types at the bottom. This allows you to deﬁne methods
for a function that apply to a range of related types.
For example, consider the following function deﬁnition:
julia> function f(x)
println(“default method”)
end
julia> f(x::Number) = println(“method for numbers”)
julia> f(x::Integer) = println(“method for integers”)
julia> f(x::Real) = println(“method for reals”)
In this case, the function f has four methods: the default metho d, and three
specialized meth ods that are selected based on the type of the argument x.
The Number method will be selected if x is any kind of number , including
integers and ﬂoating-point numb ers. The Integer method will be selected if x
is an integer . The Real method will be selected if x is a real number , which
includes both integers and ﬂoating-point numbers.
This allows you to write meth ods that apply to a range of related types,
while still allow ing you to write  specialized methods for more speciﬁc types
if needed. It also allows the Julia compiler to generate highly efﬁcient code
by selecting the most speciﬁ c method that matches the type of the
arguments.
The type system in Julia is a system for classifying and organizi ng data types
in the language. This is an important feature of Julia because it allows the
compiler to optimize code for speciﬁc data types, leading to faster execution
times and fewer runtime errors.
One of the key features of the type system in Julia is its support for
parametric types, which allow you to deﬁne types that are parameterized by
other types. This allows you to write generic code that can work with a
variety of different types. For example, you can deﬁne a Vector{T}  type that
represents a vector of values of type T, allowing you to write code that works
with vectors of any type.
Julia’ s type system includes support for parametric types, which are types
that can take one or more parameters to specify more speciﬁc types. This
allows you to deﬁne types that are parameterized by other types, and it is a
powerful feature that enables a wide range of programming techniques. In
Julia, parametric types are a way to deﬁne types that can be parameterized
by other  types. They are similar to generics in other programming languages,
and they allow you to write ﬂexible and reusable code that can work with a
wide range of types.
For example, consider the Vector type in Julia, which is deﬁned as
follows: julia> immutable Vector{T}
data::Array{T}
end
In this deﬁnition, Vector is a parametric type that takes a single type
parameter T, which speciﬁes the type of the elements in the vector . This
means that you can create a Vector of any type by specify ing the type
parameter when you create a new instance of the type:
julia> v1 = Vector{Int}([1, 2, 3])
julia> v2 = Vector{Float64}([1.0, 2.0, 3.0])
In this case, v1 is a Vector of integers and v2 is a Vector of ﬂoating-point
numbers.
Parametric types are a powerful feature of Julia’ s type system  that allows
you to write generic and ﬂexible code that can work with a wide range of
types. They are often used in combination with multiple dispatch to deﬁne
functions that can work with a variety of different types in a type-safe and
efﬁcient way .
For example, consider the following deﬁnition of a Vector type:
julia> struct Vector{T}
data::Array{T}
end
Here, the Vector type is parame terized by the type T, which represents the
type of the elem ents in the vecto r. This means that you can deﬁne a Vector of
any type by specifying the type parameter when you create an instance of the
type:
julia> v1 = Vector{Int}([1, 2, 3]) # a vector of integers
julia> v2 = Vector{Float64}([1.0, 2.0, 3.0])
# a vector of floating-point numbers
You can also deﬁne methods for the Vector type that are param eterized by
the type of the elements. For example:
julia> function dot(v::Vector{T}, u::Vector{T}) where T
# compute dot product of v and u
end
This method will work for any type of Vector as long as the element types
are the same.
Parametric types are a powerful feature of Julia, and they are used in many
built-in types and libraries. They  allow you to write code that is generic and
ﬂexible, while still taking advan tage of the strong type system and multiple
dispatch features of Julia.
Hierarchy in Julia’s Type System
In Julia,  types can be organize d into a hierarchy , with subtypes inheriting
properties and behaviors from their supertypes. This is similar to the way
that classes work in object-oriented languages like Python or Java.
Figure 3.3:  Type hierar chy in Julia
For example, consider the following type of hierarchy:
Any
|
AbstractString
|
|---- ASCIIString
|
|---- UTF8String
|
|---- UTF16String
|
|---- UTF32String
In this hierarchy , AbstractString is a supertype of all of the string types, and
Any is the top-level supertype of all types in Julia. This means that a
variable of type AbstractString can hold any kind of string, and a variable of
type Any can hold any kind of value.
When deﬁning methods for a function, you can use the type hierarchy to
deﬁne methods that apply to a range of types. For example, you could deﬁne
a method that applies to all types of strings by using the Abstra ctString type
as the ar gument type:
f(s::AbstractString) = println(“input is a string”)
This method will be called for any input that is a subtype of AbstractString,
including ASCIIString, UTF8String, UTF16String, and UTF32String.
Using the type hierarchy in this way allows you to write generic  and ﬂexible
code that can handle a wide range of types, while still allowing you to deﬁne
specialized methods for speciﬁc types when needed.
In Julia, types are arranged in a hierarchy , with a root type calle d Any at the
top. All other types in Julia are subtypes of Any. This means that any value
of any type in Julia can be stored in a variable of type Any. For Example:
julia> x = 1
1
julia> y = “hello”
“hello”
julia> z = [1, 2, 3]
[1, 2, 3]
julia> a: Any = x
1
julia> b: Any = y
“hello”
julia> c: Any = z
[1, 2, 3]
In Julia,  it is also possible to deﬁne custom types, and these types will also
be subtypes of Any. For example:
julia> struct MyType
field::Int
end
julia> x = MyType(1)
MyType(1)
julia> y: Any = x
MyType(1)
It is also possible to deﬁne subtypes of existing types in Julia using the <:
operator . For example:
julia> struct MySubType <: MyType
field::Int
extra_field::Int
end
julia> x = MySubType(1, 2)
MySubType(1, 2)
julia> y: MyType = x
MySubType(1, 2)
julia> z: Any = x
MySubType(1, 2)
This type hierarchy allows for powerful type-based dispatch in Julia, where
methods can be deﬁned to apply to speciﬁc subtypes of a given type.
To ﬁnd all the supertypes of a given type in Julia, you can use the supertypes
function. This function takes a type as an argument and returns a tuple of all
the supertypes of that type.
For exam ple, to ﬁnd all the supertypes of the Int64  type, you can do the
following:
julia> supertypes(Int64)
(Signed, Integer, Real, Number, Any)
This shows that the Int64 type is a subtype of the Signed, Integer, Real,
Number , and Any abstract types.
julia> super(Int64)
(Signed, Integer, Real, Number, Any)
This returns the same result as supertypes because Int64  directly inherits
from all of its supertypes. However , if you use super on a type that inherits
indirectly from some of its supertypes, you will see those supertypes in the
result as well.
Note : supertypes()  function only returns the supertypes that are directly
inherited by the given type. To ﬁnd all the supertypes of a type, including
indirect supertypes, you can use the super function. This function returns a
tuple of all the supertypes of a given type, including indirect supertypes, in
the order that they are inherited.
You can also use the <: operator to check if a type is a subtype of another
type. For examp le, to check if the Int64 type is a subtype of the Integer type,
you can do the following:
julia> Int64 <: Integer
true
The supertype function only returns direct supertypes, not transitive
supertypes. For example, if you want to ﬁnd all the transitive supertypes of
the Int64  type (i.e., all the supertypes of Int64, as well as the supertypes of
those supertype s, and so on), you can use the transitive_supertype()
function:
julia> transitive_supertype(Int64)
(Signed, Integer, Real, AbstractFloat, FloatingPoint,
RealDomain, Number, Any)
To ﬁnd all supertypes of a type, including the immediate supertype and all of
its supertypes, you can use a recursive function like the following:
julia> function all_supertypes(T)
supertypes = []
while true
S = supertype(T)
if S == Any
return supertypes
end
push!(supertypes, S)
T = S
end
end
Here’ s an example of how you can use this function:
julia> all_supertypes(Int)
3-element Array{Any,1}:
Signed
Real
AbstractFloat
This function will return an array of all supertypes of the given type, with
the most immediate supertype ﬁrst and the ultimate supertype (Any) last.
In Julia, you can use the subtypes function to ﬁnd the immediate  subtypes of
a given type. For example:
julia> subtypes(Real)
2-element Array{Union{DataType, UnionAll},1}:
AbstractFloat
Integer
To ﬁnd all subtypes of a type, including the immediate subtypes and all of
their subtypes, you can use a recursive function like the following:
julia> function all_subtypes(T)
subtypes = []
for S in subtypes(T)
push!(subtypes, S)
push!(subtypes, all_subtypes(S))
end
return subtypes
end
Here’ s an example of how you can use this function:
julia> all_subtypes(Real)
4-element Array{Any,1}:
AbstractFloat
Float16
Float32
Float64
Integer
BigInt
Note : This function will return an array of all subtypes of the given type,
with the most immediate subtyp es ﬁrst and the ultimate subtypes last. This
will also include all subtypes of the immediate subtypes, and so on,
recursively .
You can also use the subtypes()  function  to ﬁnd all subtypes of a particular
type that have been deﬁned in the current environment. For example:
julia> subtypes(Real)
2-element Array{Union{DataType, UnionAll},1}:
AbstractFloat
Integer
julia> subtypes(AbstractFloat)
3-element Array{Union{DataType, UnionAll},1}:
Float16
Float32
Float64
This can be useful if you want to ﬁnd all subtypes of a particular type that
have been deﬁned in your code, rather than all subtypes of a type in the
entire Julia language.
subtypes()  function returns a Vector of all subtypes of the given type,
including abstract and concrete types. Here’ s an example of how you can use
the subtypes ( ) function:
julia> subtypes(Number)
2-element Vector{Any}:
Complex
Real
julia> subtypes(Real)
4-element Vector{Any}:
AbstractFloat
AbstractIrrational
Integer
Rational
In Julia, you can use the Union type to represent the union of two or more
types. The Union type is a generic type that takes a variable number of type
arguments. For example, you can create a Union of two types T1 and T2 like
this:
julia> Union{T1, T2}
You can then use this Union type to represent values that can be of either the
T1 or T2 type. For example:
julia> x = Union{Int, String}(5)
5
julia> x = Union{Int, String}(“hello”)
“hello”
You can also use the Union type to deﬁne a function that takes arguments of
either T1 or T2 type:
julia> function foo(x::Union{Int, String})
if isa(x, Int)
println(“x is an Int: “, x)
elseif isa(x, String)
println(“x is a String: “, x)
else
println(“x is of an unexpected type”)
end
end
foo (generic function with 1 method)
julia> foo(5)
x is an Int: 5
julia> foo(“hello”)
x is a String: hello
Note : The Union type is not the same as the union function in Julia, which is
used to compute the union of two sets.
When deﬁning a function or method in Julia, it’s generally a good idea to
specify the types of arguments and return value as accurately as possible in
the function signature. This helps to ensure that the function is called with
the corre ct types of arguments and can help the compiler to generate more
efﬁcient code.
There are a few factors to consider when deciding what type restrictions to
put in a method signature:
Usefulness : The type restrictions should be useful in helping the
function to perform its intended task. For example, if a function
expects a matrix as an argumen t, it would be useful to restrict the type
of argument to AbstractMatrix .
Precision:  The type restri ctions should be as precise as possible. For
example, if a function expects a matrix with ﬂoating point elem ents, it
would be more precise to restrict the type of the argument to
AbstractMatrix{<:FloatingPoint}  rather than just AbstractMatrix.
Performance:  The type restrictions should be chosen with
performance in mind. For example, if a function expects a matrix with
ﬂoating point elements, it would be more efﬁcient to use
AbstractMatrix{<:FloatingPoint}  rather  than AbstractMatrix
because the former allows the compiler to generate more efﬁcient code.
Flexibility : The type restric tions should be ﬂexible enough to allow the
function to be used in a wide range of contexts. For example, if a
function expects a matrix with ﬂoating point elements, it would be
more ﬂexible to use
AbstractMatrix{<:FloatingPoint}  rather than
Matrix{Float64}  because the former allows the function to be
used with any type of ﬂoatin g point matrix, not just Float 64
matrices.
Ultimately , the choice of type restrictions will depend on the speciﬁc needs
and constraints of the function you are deﬁning. It’s usually a good idea to
start with the most general type restrictions that are still useful, and then
make them more speciﬁc as needed.
In Julia,  compos ite types are user-deﬁned types that are composed of a set of
ﬁelds, each of which has a name and a type. Composite types are similar to
structs or classes in other programming languages. Here is an example of
how you can deﬁne a composite type in Julia:
julia> struct Person
name::String
age::Int
end
This deﬁnes a type called Person  that has two ﬁelds: name, which is a String,
and age, which is an Int.
You can create an instance of a composite type by using the Person
constructor and providing values for the ﬁelds:
jane = Person(“Jane”, 30)
You can access the ﬁelds of a composite type using dot notation:
println(jane.name) # prints “Jane”
println(jane.age) # prints 30
You can also deﬁne methods for a composite type. For example, you might
deﬁne a greet method for the Person type like this:
function greet(p::Person)
println(“Hello, my name is $(p.name) and I am $(p.age) years
old.”)
end
greet(jane) # prints “Hello, my name is Jane and I am 30 years
old.”
Composite types are a powerful feature of Julia that allows you to create
custom data structures with associated behavior . You can learn more about
composite types in the Julia documentation.
Various Data Types in Julia
Julia has two major categories  of data types - concrete and abstract. A
concrete data type is a speciﬁc implementation of a data type, while an
abstract data type is a set of operations that can be performed on a data type,
without specifying how those operations are implemented.
Concrete data types are typicall y deﬁned using the struct or mutable struct
keyword in Julia. There are many concrete types in Julia that implement the
AbstractArray interface, including Array, SparseMatrixCSC , and
StridedArray , each of which represents arrays in a different way. For
example, the following code deﬁnes a concrete data type called Person :
struct Person
name::String
age::Int
end
This data type has two ﬁelds: name, which is a string, and age, which is an
integer . To create an instance of this data type, you can use the following
syntax:
jane = Person(“Jane”, 30)
You can then access the fields of the Person instance using dot
notation: jane.name # Returns “Jane”
jane.age # Returns 30
Abstract data types, on the other hand, are deﬁned using the abstract
keyword in Julia. An abstract data type is essentially a templa te for a data
type, specifying  the operations that can be performed on it, but not the
details of how those operations are implemented.
For example, the following code deﬁnes an abstract data type called Stack:
abstract type Stack
push!(stack::Stack, item)
pop!(stack::Stack)
top(stack::Stack)
end
This abstract data type deﬁnes three operations: push!,  which adds an item
to the stack; pop!, which removes the top item from the stack; and top,
which returns the top item from the stack.
To implement an abstract data type, you can deﬁne a concrete data type that
implements the operations speciﬁed in the abstract data type. For example,
the following code deﬁnes a concrete data type called ArrayStack  that
implements the Stack  abstract data type using an array:
struct ArrayStack <: Stack
items::Array{Any,1}
function push!(stack::ArrayStack, item)
push!(stack.items, item)
end
function pop!(stack::ArrayStack)
pop!(stack.items)
end
function top(stack::ArrayStack)
stack.items[end]
end
end
You can then use the ArrayStack  data type like any other concrete data type,
but it will also have all the operations speciﬁed in the Stack abstract data
type. For example, in Julia, the AbstractArray type is an abstract data type
that represents a multi-dimensional array of values. It deﬁnes operations like
size , getindex , and setindex!,  which allow you to manipulate arrays in a
generic way , regardless of the underlying representation of the array .
Julia also has a number of built-in abstract data types that are used to
represent common data structu res, such as lists, queues, and sets. These
types deﬁne a set of operations that can be performed on the data structure,
and different concrete types can be used to implement those operations in
different ways. For example, the AbstractSet  type represents a set of
values, and concrete types like Set and Dict  can be used to implement sets
in dif ferent ways.
In additi on to the built-in abstra ct data types, you can also deﬁne your own
abstract data types in Julia. To do this, you can use the abstract keyword to
deﬁne a type that represents a set of operations, and then deﬁne concrete
types that implement those operations. For example, you might deﬁne an
abstract type called Shape that represents a geometric shape, and then deﬁne
concrete types like Circle , Rectangle , and Triangle  that implement the
operations deﬁned by the Shape type.
An immutable value is one that cannot be changed after it has been created.
For example, integers and ﬂoating-point numbers are immutable in Julia, as
are strings and symbols. When you assign an immutable value to a variable,
the variable becomes a referenc e to the value. You can change the value of
the varia ble by assigning it a new value, but you cannot modify the value
itself.
A mutable value, on the other  hand, can be modiﬁed after it has been
created. Arrays, dictionaries, and composite types are all mutable in Julia.
When you assign a mutable value to a variable, the variable becomes a
reference to the value, just as with immutable values. However , you can also
modify the value itself by using functions or methods that change its state. In
Julia, the type system is aware of mutability , which means that you can
deﬁne types that are either mutable or immutable. This can be useful when
you want to ensure that certain values are never modiﬁed, or when you want
to allow values of a certain type to be modiﬁed in certain ways. To deﬁne an
immutable type in Julia, you can use the immutable keyword when deﬁning
the type. Startin g from Julia 0.7, immutable keyword has been replaced with
struct . For example,
struct Point
x::Float64
y::Float64
end
This deﬁnes an immutable type called Point , which has two ﬁelds: x and y,
both of which are Float64 values. You can create an instance of Point using
the constructor and access its ﬁelds using dot notation, just as with any other
composite type:
p = Point(1.0, 2.0)
println(p.x) # prints 1.0
println(p.y) # prints 2.0
However , you cannot modify the ﬁelds of an instance of Point after it has
been created. If you try to do so, you will get an error . For example:
p.x = 3.0 # error: cannot assign to immutable field `x`
To deﬁn e a mutable type in Julia , you can use the mutable struct syntax. For
example,
mutable struct MutablePoint
x::Float64
y::Float64
end
This deﬁnes a mutable type called MutablePoint  which has the same ﬁelds
as the Point type. You can create an instance of MutablePoint  using the
constructor and access its ﬁelds using dot notation, just as with any other
composite type.  However , you can also modify the ﬁelds of an instance of
MutablePoint  after it has been created:
mp = MutablePoint(1.0, 2.0)
mp.x = 3.0
println(mp.x) # prints 3.0
In gener al, it is a good idea to use immutable types whenever possible in
Julia, since they can be easier to work with and can lead to more predictable
and reliable code. However , mutable types can be usefu l in certain
situations, such as when you need to store and modify lar ge amounts of data.
The type system in Julia is also closely tied to the multiple dispatch feature
of the language. Multiple dispatch allows you to deﬁne multiple  methods for
a function, each specialized for a particular combination of argument types.
This allows the function to behave differently depending on the types of its
arguments, making it easier to write code that is expressive  and efﬁcient.
Overall, the type system in Julia is a key feature of the language that allows
you to write code that is optimiz ed for speciﬁc data types and that can work
with a variety of dif ferent types.
Multiple Dispatch in Julia
Multiple dispatc h is a unique feature of Julia that allows us to deﬁne
functions that can behave differently depending on the types of their
arguments. This allows us to write code that is both ﬂexible and efﬁcient, as
the correct implementation of a function can be selected at runtime based on
the types of its ar guments.
Figure 3.4:  Multiple Dispatch in Julia
In Julia , the method ambiguity problem occurs when there are multiple
methods deﬁned for a function that could be selected to handle a particular
set of argumen ts. This can occur when the methods have overlapping
deﬁnitions in terms of the types of their ar guments.
For example, consider the following function:
function foo(x::Int, y::Int)
return “Int, Int”
end
function foo(x::Int, y::Float64)
return “Int, Float64”
end
function foo(x::Float64, y::Int)
return “Float64, Int”
end
function foo(x::Float64, y::Float64)
return “Float64, Float64”
end
In this example, the foo function has four methods deﬁned, each with a
different combin ation of argument types. If we call foo with Int arguments,
both the ﬁrst and second methods could poten tially be selected. Similarly , if
we call foo with Float64 arguments, all four methods could potentially be
selected.
When this happens, Julia will raise a MethodError , indicating that the
method selectio n process was ambiguous and could not determine which
method to execute.
To avoid  the method ambiguity problem, it is important to carefully consider
the types of arguments that a function will accept and to ensure that the
methods are deﬁned in a way that avoids overlap. For example, in the case of
the foo function above, we could deﬁne the methods in a different order to
avoid ambiguity:
function foo(x::Int, y::Int)
return “Int, Int”
end
function foo(x::Float64, y::Float64)
return “Float64, Float64”
end
function foo(x::Int, y::Float64)
return “Int, Float64”
end
function foo(x::Float64, y::Int)
return “Float64, Int”
end
With this deﬁnition, the metho d selection process will always be able to
determine the most speciﬁc method to execute based on the types of
arguments. This is called multiple dispatch .
In Julia, multiple dispatch is a feature that allows a function to behave
differently based on the types of its arguments. This is different from
traditional funct ion overloading,  which determines the behavior of a function
based on the number or types  of its arguments, but does not allow the
function to behave differently depending on the combination of argument
types. Multiple dispatch is achieved by deﬁning multiple methods for a
function, each of which is specialized for a particular combination of
argument types. When a functio n is called with a set of argumen ts, Julia will
select the most speciﬁc method that matches the argument types and execute
it.
To use multiple dispatch in a function, you ﬁrst deﬁne the function and its
methods. Each method is deﬁne d by specifying the function name, the types
of its arguments, and the body of the method. Here is an example of how
multiple dispatch can be used in Julia:
julia> function add(x::Int, y::Int)
return x + y
end
add (generic function with 1 method)
julia> function add(x::Float64, y::Float64)
return x + y
end
add (generic function with 2 methods)
julia> add(1, 2)
3
julia> add(1.0, 2.0)
3.0
In this example, the add function has two methods deﬁned: one for Int
arguments and another for Float64  argume nts. When add is called with Int
arguments, the ﬁrst method is selected and executed, while the second
method is selected and executed  when add is called with Float64  argume nts.
This allows the add function to behave differently depending on the types of
its ar guments.
Multiple dispatc h is a useful feature because it allows a function to behave
differently based on the types of its arguments. This allows you to write code
that is more ﬂexible and efﬁcie nt, as it can adapt to a variety  of different
input types and situations.
One of the main beneﬁts of multiple dispatch is that it allows you to write
code that is more expressive  and intuitive. With traditional function
overloading, you might have to write separate functions for different
combinations of argument types, leading to code that is more difﬁcult to read
and understand. With multiple dispatch, you can deﬁne a single function
with multiple methods, each specialized for a particular combination of
argument types, making it easier  to understand how the function will behave
in dif ferent situations.
Additionally , multiple dispatch can lead to more efﬁcient code because the
most speciﬁc method for a given  set of argument types is selected at runtime,
allowing the code  to take advantage of type information that may not be
available at compile time. This can lead to faster execution times and fewer
runtime errors.
Overall, multiple dispatch is a powerful feature of Julia that allows you to
write more expressive, intuitive, and efﬁcient code.
Managing code structure in Julia
Managing packages and modules is an important aspect of working with
Julia. In Julia, you can use modules to structure your code and keep related
functions and variables together in a single ﬁle or a set of ﬁles. A module is a
collection of Julia code that is deﬁned in a separate ﬁle, and it can be used to
organize your code into logical units. Modules allow us to organize our code
into logical groups and prevent naming conﬂicts.
Modules are used to specify distinct variable namespaces. Each module
speciﬁes its own independent global scope. The default global scope in Julia
is called the Main module . To create a module, you can use the module
keyword followed by the name of the module and a block of code:
julia> module MyModule
export myfunc
function myfunc()
# code for myfunc
println(“Aloha!”)
end
end # defining MyModule
Main.MyModule
The export keyword speciﬁes which functions, types, and constants deﬁned
in the module should be made available to users of the module. You can also
use the using keyword to impo rt all the exports from a module into your
current namespace:
using MyModule
myfunc()
You can also selectively import speciﬁc functions, types, or constants from a
module using the import keyword:
import MyModule.myfunc
myfunct()
Modules can also contain types and constants. For example,
module MyModule
export MyType, MY_CONSTANT
struct MyType
# fields for MyType
W
b
end
const MY_CONSTANT = 3.14
end #defining a module
Main.MyModule
end keyword marks the end of the module in Julia. Usually , we comment on
the code at the end keyword to show that the module ends at that time. If you
are reproducing the code using a Julia REPL, then you can see that the
output shows the namespace and the module name. In this case, the REPL
prints out Main.MyModule.  You can use the exported types and constants in
the same way as exported functions.
In Julia, you can use the includ e function to include the contents of another
ﬁle or module in the current module. This can be useful for breaking up large
modules into smaller ﬁles or for including code from externa l libraries in
your module. To use the include function, you simply pass the ﬁle or module
that you want to include as an ar gument. For example,
module MyModule
include(“foo.jl”)
include(“bar.jl”)
end
This will include the content s of the foo.jl  and bar.jl  ﬁles in the
MyModule module. You can also use the include function to include the
contents of another module. For example,
module MyModule
include(OtherModule)
end
This will include the contents of the OtherModule  module  in the MyModule
module. It is important to note that the include function does not import the
deﬁnitions from the included ﬁle or module into the current namespace.
Instead, it simply evaluates the code in the included ﬁle or module within the
context of the current module. To make the deﬁnitions from an included ﬁle
or module available to your code, you can use the using or import keywords.
Modules can also be nested, with inner modules being able to access the
exports of their outer modules. This can be useful for organizing your code
into logical hiera rchies. Module s are a useful way to organize and reuse your
code in Julia. They allow you to group related deﬁnitions together and
provide a clear separation between dif ferent parts of your code.
In Julia,  packag es are collections of modules (that is, Julia code ﬁles) that
provide additional functionality for your programs. Packages are collections
of Julia code that can be easily shared and reused. When we register a
module at the Julia general registry
(https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General ), it becomes a package. This
package is available to other users who want to use the function s, types, and
constants from the package in their code.
We learnt to add a speciﬁc package to our current code by using Julia’ s
package manage r, Pkg. Once the package is added to the namespace, we can
access the package at any time, even after you reload a new Julia session.
Once a package  is installed, you can use it in your code by using the using
keyword followe d by the name of the package. This will import the exported
deﬁnitions from the package into the current namespace.
using ExamplePackage
# now you can use the definitions from the ExamplePackage
package
You can also import speciﬁc deﬁnitions from a package using the import
keyword. For example:
import ExamplePackage: foo
# now you can use the foo function from the ExamplePackage
package
Packages in Julia are often distributed as compiled code, whic h means that
they are pre compiled for a speciﬁc platform and can be loaded into Julia
quickly . This makes packages an efﬁcient way to include large amounts of
code in your projects. In addition to reusable code, Julia packages can also
include documentation, tests, and other resources. You can use the Pkg
package manager to access these resources and manage the packages that
you have install ed. Overall, packages are a powerful tool for organizing and
sharing code in Julia, and they are an important part of the Julia ecosystem.
Using Macros
Macros are a powerful feature that allows us to modify the behavior of the
language itself and are often used to create domain-speciﬁc languages or to
optimize performance-critical code. We will learn how to deﬁne and use
macros in Julia, and how they can help us to write more expressive and
efﬁcient code.
In Julia, a macro is a piece of code that is executed at compile-time to
generate other code. Macros allow you to generate code dynamically and can
be used to implement powerful and ﬂexible abstractions in Julia.
To deﬁne a macro in Julia, you can use the @ symbol followed by the name
of the macro and any ar guments that the macro takes. For example:
macro mymacro(x)
quote
# Code generated by the macro goes here
end
end
The quote  and end keywor ds deﬁne  a block of code that is treated as a single
expression and can be passed around and manipulated like any other value in
Julia.
To use a macro, you can call it like a function, using the @ symbol  followe d
by the name of the macro and any ar guments that it takes. For example:
@mymacro(42)
Inside the body of the macro, you can use the esc function to escape the
code generated by the macro and the: operator to unquote symbols. For
example:
macro mymacro(x)
quote
y = $(esc(x)) + 1
z = :($(y))
end
end
This macro takes a single argument x and generates code that adds 1 to x and
creates a symbol with the name of the resulting value.
macro my_macro(x)
return :($x + 1)
end
This macro deﬁnes a simple macro that takes an argument x and returns a
new expression that increments x by 1.
To use a macro, you can call it like a function and pass it the arguments that
you want to use as inputs. The macro will then generate the corresponding
code and return  the value. Otherwise, you can call the macro  without the
parenthesis with just a space in between the macro name and the argument
used. For example:
julia> @my_macro(2)
3
julia> @my_macro 2
3
Macros are functions that accept a parsed reference of Julia code and return
the transformed code. Macros work at the level of abstract syntax trees
(https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/Abstract_syntax_tree ). Macro s are performed
after Julia code has been parsed  but before it has been compiled. Macros are
a powerful feature of Julia that allow you to generate code dynamically and
create abstractions that are not possible with normal functions. They are
often used to implement domain-speciﬁc languages, optimize performance,
and simplify code by hiding complex details behind a simple interface.
We will discuss some of the most used macros in Julia like time, elapsed,
assert and benchmark.
The time macro in Julia is a tool for measuring the performance of code. It
can be used to measure the time it takes to execute a block of code or to
measure the time it takes to execute a speciﬁc function or expression.
To use the time macro, you can use the @time  or @elapsed  macro. The @time
macro will execute the code that follows it and print the wall-clock time, the
CPU time, and the allocated memory used by the code. The @elapsed  macro
will only print the wall-clock time that the code took to run.
For example, you can use the @time macro to measure the time it takes to
run a function like this:
@time my_function()
Or you can use the @elapsed macro to measure the time it takes to evaluate
an expression like this:
@elapsed result = my_expression
The @time  macro will print the wall clock time, the CPU time, and the
allocated memo ry used by the code. You can also use the @ela psed macro,
which will only print the wall-clock time that the code took to run.
@time begin
# code to measure goes here
end
@elapsed begin
# code to measure goes here
end
Both @time  and @elapsed  can be used to measure the performance of
speciﬁc functions or expressions.
It’s important to note that the time it takes to execute code can vary
depending on a number of factors, such as the speed of the CPU, the
workload of the system, and the presence of other running processes. As
such, it is generally a good idea to take multiple measurements and calculate
an average time when trying to determine the performance of code.
Here is an example of how you can use the @time macro in Julia to measure
the time it takes to run a function:
# Define a function that takes some time to run
function slow_function()
sleep(1) # pause for 1 second
end
# Measure the time it takes to run the function
@time slow_function()
The output of this code might look something like this:
0.000352 seconds (5 allocations: 176 bytes)
The @time  macro will print the wall clock time, the CPU time, and the
allocated memory used by the code. In this case, the function took about
0.000352 second s to run, and it required 5 memory allocation s that used a
total of 176 bytes.
You can also use the @elapsed  macro to measu re the time it takes to run a
function. For example:
# Define a function that takes some time to run
function slow_function()
sleep(1) # pause for 1 second
end
# Measure the time it takes to run the function
@elapsed slow_function()
The output of this code might look something like this:
1.000625 seconds
The @elapsed  macro will only print the wall-c lock time that the code took to
run. In this case, the function took about 1.000625 seconds to run.
The assert macro in Julia is used to check if a condition is true, and throw an
error if it is not. It is commonly used as a way to validate the correctness of
code and to catch and handle errors that might occur during execution.
To use the assert macro, you provide a condition as the ﬁrst argument and an
optional error message as the second argument. If the condition  is true, then
the assert macro does nothing and the code continues to execute. If the
condition is false, then the assert macro throws an AssertionError , which
can be caught and handled using a try/catch block. Here are some examples
of how you can use the assert macro in Julia:
# Check that a variable has a certain value
x = 10
assert x == 10, “x should be 10”
# Check that a function returns a certain value
function test_function()
return 10
end
assert test_function() == 10, “test_function should return 10”
# Check that an expression evaluates to true
assert 1 + 1 == 2, “1 + 1 should equal 2”
# Check that a value is within a certain range
x = 10
assert x >= 0 && x <= 10, “x should be between 0 and 10”
If the condition being checked by the assert macro is true, then nothing will
happen and the code will contin ue to execute. If the condition is false, then
an AssertionError will be thrown and the code will stop executing.
You can also use the @assert  macro to includ e the expression being checked
in the error message if the condition is not met. For example:
# Check that a variable has a certain value
x = 10
@assert x == 10 “x should be 10, but it is $(x)”
This will include the value of x in the error message if the condition is not
met, which can be helpful for debugging. The assert macro is often used in
conjunction with a try/catch block to handle errors and preven t them from
crashing the program. For example,
try
# Code that might throw an error goes here
x = y # y is not defined, so this will throw an error
assert x == 10, “x should be 10”
catch e
# Code to handle the error goes here
println(“An error occurred: $(e)”)
end
In this example, the code in the try block will be executed, and if an error
occurs it will be caught by the catch block, which will print an error message
to the console.
The macroexpand  function in Julia is used to expand the macro into its
underlying code. Macros in Julia are used to write code that generates other
code at compile time, which  can be helpful for tasks such as code
generation, code optimization, and metaprogramming.
To use the macroexpand  function , you pass it a macro as an argument and it
will return the expanded code as an Expr object. For example,
# Define a simple macro that adds 1 to a number
macro add_one(x)
return :($x + 1)
end
# Expand the macro
expanded_code = macroexpand(:(@add_one 10))
# The expanded code is now an expression that can be evaluated
eval(expanded_code) # returns 11
In this example,  the add_one  macro takes a single argument x and returns an
expression that adds 1 to x. When the macro is expanded using
macroexpand , it returns the expanded code as an expression that can be
evaluated using eval.
You can also use the @macroexpand  macro, which will print the expanded
code to the console instead of returning it as an Expr object.
# Define a simple macro that adds 1 to a number
macro add_one(x)
return :($x + 1)
end
# Expand the macro
@macroexpand @add_one 10
# Output: quote
# 10 + 1
# end
The macroexpand  function can be helpful for debugging macros and
understanding how they work. It can also be used to optim ize code by
expanding macr os at compile time to avoid the overhead of macro expansion
at runtime.
Conclusion
Julia is a powerful programming  language that offers a variety of features for
managing code structure and complexity . Functions are a key part of Julia’ s
design, and the language provi des a number of features for deﬁning and
calling functions, including optional and keyword arguments,  anonymous
functions, and currying. The Julia type system is also a key feature of the
language, allowing you to deﬁne and work with composite types, immutable
values, and mutable values. Julia’ s support for multiple dispatch allows you
to deﬁne  functions that behave differently depending on the types of their
arguments, making it easier to write ﬂexib le and reusable code. Managing
code structure in Julia is made easier by the use of modules and packages,
which allow you to organize your code into logical units and share it with
others. Julia’s macro system allows you to extend the language with custom
syntax and transform code at compile time, making it easier to write concise
and expressive code. Overall, Julia’ s functions, type system, multiple
dispatch, and support for code organization and macros make it a powerful
and ﬂexible language for a wide range of programming tasks.
In the next chapter , we will delve deeper into Julia’ s key featu res and data
structures. We will learn about arrays, mapping values to keys, and tuples.
We will also explore broadcastin g and module subtyping in Julia. Finally , we
will learn how to integrate Julia  with Python and R and use these languages
with Julia packages.
Questions
1. How do you deﬁne and call functions in Julia? What are the different
types of argume nts that you can use, and how do you handle optional
and keyword ar guments?
2. How does Julia’ s type system work, and how can you deﬁne and work
with composite types, immutable values, and mutable values?
3. What is multiple  dispatch, and how does it work in Julia? How can you
use it to deﬁne functions that behave differently depending on the types
of their ar guments?
4. How can you organize your code in Julia using modules and packages?
How do you import and use code from other modules and packages,
and how can you deﬁne and use your own modules and packages?
5. What are macros in Julia, and how do they work? How can you use
macros to extend the language with custom syntax and transform code
at compile time?
CHAPTER  4
Data Structures in Julia
Introduction
Julia is a high-level, high-performance programming language for technical
computing, with syntax that is familiar to users of other technical computing
environments. Julia is particularly well-suited to data manipulation and
numerical analy sis and has a number of built-in data structures  that make it
easy to work with large amoun ts of data efﬁciently . One of the most basic
and useful data structures in Julia is the array . An array is an ordered
collection of values: all of which must be of the same type. Arrays can be
one-dimensional (vectors) or multi-dimensional (matrices). Julia provides a
number of functions for creating and manipulating arrays, including
functions for indexing, slicing, and reshaping arrays. Another common data
structure in Julia is the tuple. A tuple is an immutable sequence of values,
similar to an array, but unlike an array , the values in a tuple can be of
different types. Tuples are often used to store small amounts of related data
and are particularly useful for returning multiple values from  a function.
Julia has a data structure called a dictionary , which is similar to an array , but
instead of being indexed by a numerical position, the values in a dictionary
are indexed by a key. This makes it easier to store and retrieve data by name,
rather than by position. Dictionaries are often used to store data in a more
structured way or to store data that is not easily represented as an array .
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered:
Arrays in Julia
Tuple data structure in Julia
Mapping value to its keys
Operations on arrays
Example with module subtyping
Integrating with Python and R
Arrays in Julia
Arrays are ordered collections of elements that can be of any type and are
indexed using integers. They are similar to lists in other programming
languages and are often used to store and manipulate large amounts of data
efﬁciently . Array s are ordered collections of elements of the same type. They
are indexed starting at 1 and are very efﬁcient for mathematical operations
and indexing. In other programming languages, arrays start from 0. To create
an array , we can use the [ ] syntax and separate the elements with a comma.
For example,
julia> numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
5-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
4
5
julia> names = [“Alice”, “Bob”, “Charlie”, “Daisy”]
4-element Array{String,1}:
“Alice”
“Bob”
“Charlie”
“Daisy”
julia> mixed = [1, “Bob”, 3.14, true]
4-element Array{Any,1}:
1
“Bob”
3.14
true
You can access the elements of an array using the indexing operator ([]). The
indexing operator is used to fetch a speciﬁc item in the array . The indexing
starts from 1 for the ﬁrst element and goes up to n for the nth element, where
n is the number of items in the array .
julia> numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
5-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
4
5
julia> numbers[1] # returns 1 (the first element)
1
julia> numbers[3] # returns 3 (the third element)
3
julia> numbers[end] # returns 5 (the last element)
5
julia> numbers[end-1] # returns 4 (the second last element)
4
You can also use slicing to access a range of items in the array . The syntax
for slicing is array_name[start:stop] , where start is the index of the ﬁrst
item and stop is the index of the item just after the last item.
Figure 4.1:  The parameters of the collect function or array indexing - start, step, stop
julia> numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5] # Vector is a 1-dimensional
Array, so when we write Vector{Int} it is a shorthand to
Array{Int, 1}. In new Julia versions, Vector{Int} will show by
default
5-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
4
5
julia> numbers[2:3] # returns [2, 3, 4] (items at index 2, 3,
and 4) 3-element Array{Int64,1}:
2
3
julia> numbers[2:4] # returns [2, 3, 4, 5] (items from index 2
to the end) 4-element Array{Int64,1}:
2
3
4
julia> numbers[1:3] # returns [1, 2, 3] (items from the start
to index 3) 3-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
julia> numbers[1:2:end] # returns [1, 3, 5] (all items with a
step of 2) 3-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
3
5
You can also modify the elements of an array by assigning new values to
them using the indexing operator .
julia> numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
5-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
4
5
In Julia, collect is a function that creates an array by collecting the results of
an iterat or. The iterator can be any object that produces a sequence of values,
such as a range, a channel, or a generator function.
julia> collect(1:5) # creates an array of the values 1, 2, 3,
4, 5 5-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
4
5
julia> collect(1:2:9) # creates an array of the values 1, 3, 5,
7, 9 5-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
3
5
7
9
julia> collect(“hello”)
5-element Vector{Char}:
‘h’: ASCII/Unicode U+0068 (category Ll: Letter, lowercase)
‘e’: ASCII/Unicode U+0065 (category Ll: Letter, lowercase)
‘l’: ASCII/Unicode U+006C (category Ll: Letter, lowercase)
‘l’: ASCII/Unicode U+006C (category Ll: Letter, lowercase)
‘o’: ASCII/Unicode U+006F (category Ll: Letter, lowercase)
The collect function is often used in combination with other functions that
generate sequences of values, such as map, ﬁlter , and reduce.
julia> collect(map(x -> 2x+1, 1:5)) # creates an array of the
values 3, 5, 7, 9, 11 5-element Array{Int64,1}:
3
5
7
9
11
julia> using Primes
julia> collect(filter(isprime, 1:10)) # creates an array of the
prime numbers between 1 and 10
4-element Array{Int64,1}:
2
3
5
7
julia> collect(reduce(*, 1:5)) # creates an array with the
result of the cumulative product of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
0-dimensional Array{Int64, 0}:
120
We will learn more about the map, reduce and ﬁlter functions later in this
chapter .
You can also use the length function to get the number of elements in an
array . For a one dimensional array, length returns the size of the array along
the ﬁrst dimension. For a multi- dimensional array , length returns the size of
the array along the ﬁrst dimension.
julia> a = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
5-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
4
5
julia> length(a)
5
julia> b = [1 2; 3 4]
2×2 Matrix{Int64}:
1 2
3 4
julia> length(b)
4
julia> c = [1 2 3; 4 5 6]
2×3 Array{Int64,2}:
1 2 3
4 5 6
julia> length(c)
6
In Julia,  you can use the size function to get the dimensions of an array . The
size function returns a tuple of integers that represent the size of the array
along each dimension.
julia> a = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
5-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
4
5
julia> size(a)
(5,)
julia> b = [1 2; 3 4]
2×2 Array{Int64,2}:
1 2
3 4
julia> size(b)
(2, 2)
julia> c = [1 2 3; 4 5 6]
2×3 Array{Int64,2}:
1 2 3
4 5 6
julia> size(c)
(2, 3)
We learned that the size()  function returns a tuple. But what is a tuple? Let
us learn about tuples data structure in the next section.
Tuple Data Structure in Julia
Tuples are also ordered collections of elements, but unlike arrays, the
elements of a tuple cannot be modiﬁed. Tuples are often used to store small
amounts of data that are not meant to be modiﬁed, such as the coordinates of
a point. Tuples are also ordered collections of elements, but they can contain
elements of different types. They are indexed starting at 1 and are often used
to return multiple values from a function. To create a tuple, we can use the ()
syntax and separate the elements with a comma. For example,
julia> t = (1, “hello”, 2.0)
(1, “hello”, 2.0)
julia> typeof(t)
Tuple{Int64, String, Float64}
In Julia, a tuple is a ﬁxed-size collection of items of different types. Tuples
are similar to arrays, but they are immutable, which means that you cannot
modify the values of the items once the tuple has been created.
To create a tuple in Julia, you can use the (…) syntax
julia> t = (1, 2, 3)
(1, 2, 3)
julia> t = (“Alice”, “Bob”, “Charlie”)
(“Alice”, “Bob”, “Charlie”)
julia> t = (1, “Bob”, 3.14, true)
(1, “Bob”, 3.14, true)
You can access the elements of a tuple using the indexing operator ([]).
The indexing operator is used to fetch a speciﬁc item in the tuple. The
indexing starts from 1 for the ﬁrst element and goes up to n for the nth
element, where n is the number of items in the tuple.
julia> t = (1, 2, 3)
(1, 2, 3)
julia> t[1] # returns 1 (the first element)
1
julia> t[3] # returns 3 (the third element)
3
julia> t[end] # returns 3 (the last element)
3
julia> t[end-1] # returns 2 (the second last element)
2
You can also use slicing to access a range of items in the tuple . The syntax
for slicing is tuple_name[start:step:stop],  where start is the index of the
ﬁrst item, stop is the index of the item just after the last item, and step is the
gap between the ﬁrst and the next item.
julia> t = (1, 2, 3, 4, 5)
(1, 2, 3, 4, 5)
julia> t[2:4] # returns (2, 3, 4) (items at index 2, 3, and 4)
(2, 3, 4)
julia> t[2:5] # returns (2, 3, 4, 5) (items from index 2 to the
end) (2, 3, 4, 5)
julia> t[:3] # returns (1, 2, 3) (items from the start to index
3) 3
julia> t[1:2:end] # returns (1, 3, 5) (all items with a step of
2) (1, 3, 5)
The immutable property of tuple s makes them useful in situations where you
want to store a set of values that should not be modiﬁed, such as in function
arguments or as keys in a dictionary .
Since tuples are immutable, you cannot use the indexing operator ([]) to
assign new values to the items in a tuple. If you try to do so, Julia will raise
an error .
julia> t = (1, 2, 3)
(1, 2, 3)
julia> t[1] = 4
ERROR: MethodError: no method matching setindex!(::Tuple{Int64,
Int64, Int64}, ::Int64, ::Int64)
Stacktrace:
[1] top-level scope
@ REPL[26]:1
julia> t[2] = 5
ERROR: MethodError: no method matching setindex!(::Tuple{Int64,
Int64, Int64}, ::Int64, ::Int64)
Stacktrace:
[1] top-level scope
@ REPL[27]:1
Since tuples are immutable, you cannot modify the values of the items once
the tuple has been created. However , you can create a new tuple with the
modiﬁed values.
julia> t = (1, 2, 3)
(1, 2, 3)
julia> t = (4, t[2], t[3]) # creates a new tuple with the first
element modified (4, 2, 3)
julia> t = (t[1], 5, t[3]) # creates a new tuple with the
second element modified (4, 5, 3)
julia> t = (t[1], t[2], 6) # creates a new tuple with the third
element modified (4, 5, 6)
In Julia,  tuples and arrays are two distinct data types that serve different
purposes.
Tuples are similar to tuples in Python in that they are immut able and can
contain a variety of elements with different types. They are often used to
group together a ﬁxed number of items that have some logical relationship.
For example, you might use a tuple to represent the coordinates of a point in
three-dimensional space as (x, y , z).
Arrays, on the other hand, are used to store collections of values that are all
of the same type. They are more efﬁcient for certain operations than tuples
because the elements of an array are stored contiguously in memory , which
can make them faster to access.  However , arrays are mutable, which means
that you can change the values of the elements after the array is created.
So, the main beneﬁt of using tuples instead of arrays in Julia is that they are
immutable, which can be useful if you want to ensure that the values of the
elements cannot  be changed after the tuple is created. However , this comes
at the cost of not being able to take advantage of the performance beneﬁts of
arrays for certai n operations. Whether to use tuples or arrays will depend on
the speciﬁc needs of your program.
In Julia, a NamedTuple  is a subclass of a Tuple that allows you to access
elements of the tuple using names rather than indices. This can make your
code more readable and easier to understand because the names of the
elements provide a natural way to describe what the elements represent.
Figure 4.2
Mapping Value to its Keys
Dictionaries are unordered collections of key-value pairs. The keys in a
dictionary must  be unique and are used to access the associated values.
Dictionaries are often used to store data that needs to be quickly retrieved
using a speciﬁc key. They are not ordered and are often used for efﬁcient
lookup and insertion of data. To create a dictionary , we can use the Dict()
function and pass in pairs of keys and values. For example,
julia> d = Dict(“a” => 1, “b” => 2, “c” => 3)
Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries:
“a” => 1
“b” => 2
“c” => 3
You can also create a dictionary  using the Dict  constructor and a list of key-
value tuples.
julia> my_dict = Dict([(“a”, 1), (“b”, 2), (“c”, 3)])
Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries:
“b” => 2
“a” => 1
“c” => 3
To acces s the value for a given key, you can use the get function or indexing
syntax julia> my_dict[“a”]
1
julia> get(my_dict, “a”, 0)
1
You can also use the setindex!  function to add or update a key-value pair in
the dictionary
julia> my_dict[“d”] = 4
4
julia> my_dict
Dict{String,Int64} with 4 entries:
“b” => 2
“a” => 1
“c” => 3
“d” => 4
In Julia,  the type of a Dict object is parameterized by the types of keys and
values it contains. For example, the type of a Dict that maps strings to
integers is Dict{String, Int64},  and the type of a Dict that maps symbols
to ﬂoating-point numbers is Dict{Symbol, Float64}.
You can create a Dict  with speciﬁc key and value types using the Dict
constructor and the Pair type.
julia> my_dict = Dict{String, Int64}(Pair(“a”, 1), Pair(“b”,
2), Pair(“c”, 3))
Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries:
“b” => 2
“a” => 1
“c” => 3
You can also use the keytype()  and valuetype()  functions to get the key
and value types of a Dict  object.
julia> keytype(my_dict)
String
julia> valtype(my_dict)
Int64
Keep in mind that the keys in a Dict must be unique and are typically of a
type that supports comparison (e.g. Int64, String, etc.), while the values can
be of any type.
In Julia, the keys and values functions can be used to get the keys and values
of a Dict object, respectively .
For example, given a dictionary my_dict
julia> my_dict = Dict(“a” => 1, “b” => 2, “c” => 3)
Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries:
“b” => 2
“a” => 1
“c” => 3
You can use keys and values as follows:
julia> keys(my_dict)
Base.KeySet for a Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries. Keys: “b”
“a” “c”
julia> values(my_dict)
Base.ValueIterator for a Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries.
Values: 2 1 3
The keys function returns a KeySet  object, a collection of the keys in the
dictionary . The values function returns a ValueIterator  object, which is an
iterator over the values in the dictionary .
You can conver t the output of these functions to an array using the collect
function:
julia> collect(keys(my_dict))
3-element Array{String,1}:
“b”
“a”
“c”
julia> collect(values(my_dict))
3-element Array{Int64,1}:
2
1
3
In Julia, the Dict type is implemented using a hash table, which is a data
structure that allows for efﬁcient insertion, deletion, and lookup of key-value
pairs.
A hash table consists of an array  of buckets,  each of which can store a single
key-value pair. When a key-va lue pair is added to the hash table, a hash
function  is used to map the key to a speciﬁc bucket in the array . The hash
function ensures that keys are distributed evenly among the buckets so that
most operations  on the hash table have an average-case time complexity of
O(1)  (i.e. constant time).
When a key is looked up in the hash table, the hash function is used to ﬁnd
the appropriate bucket, and then the key is compared to the key in the
bucket. If the keys match, the value is returned; if the keys do not match, the
hash table must search for the key in the other buckets. In the worst case, the
hash table must search all the buckets, resulting in a time complexity of O(n)
(i.e. linear time). However , in practice, hash tables have a low worst-case
time complexity due to the use of a good hash function and techniques such
as chaining  to hand le collisions (i.e. when two keys are mapped to the same
bucket).
In Julia, you can use a generato r expression to create a dictionary from an
iterable.
A gener ator expression is similar to a list comprehension, but it returns a
generator object that produces the values one at a time, rather than creating a
new list. This can be more efﬁcient if you only need to iterate over the
values once, or if the values take up a lot of memory .
Here’ s an example of how to create a dictionary using a generator
expression: julia> my_dict = Dict((i, i^2) for i in 1:5)
Dict{Int64,Int64} with 5 entries:
5 => 25
4 => 16
3 => 9
2 => 4
1 => 1
This creates a dictionary with keys 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, and value s 1, 4, 9, 16,
and 25, respectively .
You can also use a generator expression to create a dictionary from an
existing dictionary , by specifying a key-value pair for each element in the
dictionary:
julia> my_dict = Dict((“a” => 1, “b” => 2, “c” => 3))
Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries:
“b” => 2
“a” => 1
“c” => 3
julia> new_dict = Dict((k, v + 1) for (k, v) in my_dict)
Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries:
“b” => 3
“a” => 2
“c” => 4
In Julia, the Dict type provides several functions for working with
dictionaries. Here is a summary of some of the most commonly used
functions:
haskey(dict, key):  Returns true if dict has a key key, and false
otherwise.
get(dict, key, default):  Return s the value for key in dict, or
default if key is not in dict.
pop(dict, key, default):  Removes the key-value pair with key key
from dict, and returns the value. If key is not in dict, returns default.
delete!(dict, key):  Rem oves the key-value pair with key key from
dict. Returns nothing.
merge(dict1, dict2):  Returns a new dictionary that combines the
key-value pairs from dict1  and dict2 . If a key is present in both
dictionaries, the value from dict2 is used.
merge!(dict1, dict2):  Updates dict1 with the key-value pairs from
dict2 . If a key is present in both dictionaries, the value from dict2  is
used. Returns nothing.
mergeWith(f, dict1, dict2 ): Returns a new dictionary that combines
the key-value pairs from dict1  and dict2 , using the function f to
combine the values for keys that are present in both dictionaries.
Here’ s an example of how you can use some of these functions:
julia> my_dict = Dict(“a” => 1, “b” => 2, “c” => 3)
Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries:
“b” => 2
“a” => 1
“c” => 3
julia> haskey(my_dict, “a”)
true
julia> get(my_dict, “a”, 0)
1
julia> pop!(my_dict, “a”, 0)
1
julia> my_dict
Dict{String,Int64} with 2 entries:
“b” => 2
“c” => 3
julia> delete!(my_dict, “b”)
julia> my_dict
Dict{String,Int64} with 1 entry:
“c” => 3
julia> merge(my_dict, Dict(“a” => 1, “d” => 4))
Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries:
“d” => 4
“a” => 1
“c” => 3
julia> merge!(my_dict, Dict(“a” => 1, “d” => 4))
Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries:
“d” => 4
“a” => 1
“c” => 3
julia> mergewith(+, my_dict, Dict(“a” => 1, “c” => 4))
Dict{String,Int64} with 3 entries:
“d” => 4
“a” => 2
“c” => 7
Set Data Structure in Julia
In Julia, a Set is an unordered collection of unique elements. You can use a
Set to store and manipulate data in a way that is similar to a Dict but without
the key-value pairs.
Here’ s an example of how to create a Set in Julia:
julia> my_set = Set([1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 5])
Set([4, 5, 2, 3, 1])
This creates a Set with elements 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. Note that the duplicate
element 4 is only included once in the Set.
You can use the union , intersect , and setdiff  functions to perform set
operations on Set objects:
julia> set1 = Set([1, 2, 3])
Set([3, 2, 1])
julia> set2 = Set([3, 4, 5])
Set([5, 4, 3])
julia> union(set1, set2)
Set([5, 4, 3, 2, 1])
julia> intersect(set1, set2)
Set([3])
julia> setdiff(set1, set2)
Set([2, 1])
You can also use the push! and pop! functions to add and remove elements
from a Set:
julia> push!(set1, 4)
Set([4, 3, 2, 1])
julia> pop!(set1)
4
julia> set1
Set([3, 2, 1])
Operations on Julia’s Data Structures
Julia provides a number of built-in data structures that you can use to store
and manipulate data. Here is a summary of some common operations that
you can perform on Julia’ s data structures:
Arrays
Indexing: You can access the elements of an array using indexing
syntax. For example, arr[i]  returns the i-th element of the array arr .
Slicing: You can use slicing syntax to get a subarray of an array . For
example, arr[i:j]  returns a subarray of arr that starts at index i and
ends at index j-1.
Modiﬁcation: You can modify the elements of an array using indexing
syntax and assignment. For example, arr[i] = x sets the i-th element
of arr to x.
Concatenation: You can use the vcat function to concatenate two arrays
vertically (i.e. stack them on top of each other), or the hcat function to
concatenate them horizontally (i.e. join them side by side).
Elementwise operations: You can use the .+, .-, .*, and ./ operators to
perform element wise operations  on arrays. For example, arr1 .+ arr2
adds the corresponding elements of arr1  and arr2  elementwise.
Tuples
Indexing:  You can acces s the elements of a tuple using indexing
syntax. For example, tup[i]  returns the i-th element of the tuple tup.
Modiﬁcation : Tuples are immutable, which means that you cannot
modify their elements. However , you can create a new tuple with
modiﬁed elements by
concatenating the original tuple with the modiﬁed elements.
Concatenation:  You can use the cat function to concatenate two tuples.
Dictionaries
Indexing : You can access the value for a given key in a dictionary
using indexing syntax. For example, dict[key]  returns the value for
key in dict.
Concatenation : You can use the merge or merge! functions to combine
two dictionaries.
Elementwise operations:  You can use the map function to apply a
function to the values in a dictionary , or the mergewith  functio n to
combine the values of two dictionaries elementwise using a function.
Membership : You can use the haskey function to check if a key is in a
dictionary . For example, haskey(dict, key) returns true if key is in
the dictionary dict , and false otherwise.
Addition and removal:  You can use the setindex!  and delete!
functions to add and remove key-value pairs from a dictionary . For
example, dict[key] = value  adds the key value pair
Sets
Membership : You can use the in operator to check if an element is in a
set. For example, x in the set returns true if x is in the set set, and false
otherwise.
Addition and removal : You can use the push! and pop! functions to
add and remove elements from a set. For example, push!(set, x)
adds x to the set set, and pop!(set)  remove s an arbitrary element
from the set.
Set operations : You can use the union, intersect, and setdif f functions
to perfo rm set operations. For example, union(set1, set2)  returns a
new set that contains the elements that are in either set1 or set2, and
intersect(set1, set2)  returns a new set that contains the elements
that are in both set1 and set2.
Apart from these operations that are only speciﬁc to particular data
structures, there  are four common operations that we will learn in more
detail.
Map
In Julia,  the map function appli es a function to each element of an iterable
and returns a new iterable with the results. The type of the returned iterable
depends on the type of the input iterable.
For example, given a function f and an array arr, you can use the map as
follows:
julia> f(x) = x^2
f (generic function with 1 method)
julia> arr = [1, 2, 3, 4]
4-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
4
julia> map(f, arr)
4-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
4
9
16
This applies the function f to each element of arr and returns a new array
with the results.  You can use the map with other types of iterables as well,
such as tuples:
julia> tup = (1, 2, 3, 4)
(1, 2, 3, 4)
julia> map(f, tup)
(1, 4, 9, 16)
Reduce
In Julia,  the reduce function applies a function to the elements of an iterable,
reducing the iterable to a single value. The type of the returned value
depends on the type of input iterable and the function being applied.
For example, given a function f and an array arr, you can use reduce as
follows:
julia> f(x, y) = x + y
f (generic function with 1 method)
julia> arr = [1, 2, 3, 4]
4-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
4
julia> reduce(f, arr)
10
This applies the function f to the elements of arr in a way that reduces the
array to a single value. In this case, the function f adds the elements of arr
together , so the ﬁnal result is 10.
You can use reduce with other types of iterables as well, such as tuples and
sets:
julia> tup = (1, 2, 3, 4)
(1, 2, 3, 4)
julia> reduce(f, tup)
10
julia> set = Set([1, 2, 3, 4])
Set([4, 3, 2, 1])
julia> reduce(f, set)
10
Filter
In Julia,  the ﬁlter function applies a function to the elements of an iterable
and returns a new iterable with only the elements for which the function
returns true. The type of the returned iterable depends on the type of the
input iterable.
For exam ple, given a function f and an array arr, you can use the ﬁlter as
follows:
julia> f(x) = x % 2 == 0
f (generic function with 1 method)
julia> arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
5-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
4
5
julia> filter(f, arr)
2-element Array{Int64,1}:
2
4
This applies the function f to each element of arr and returns a new array
with only the elements for whic h f returns true. In this case, f returns true
for even numbers, so the returned array contains even elements of arr .
You can use a ﬁlter with other types of iterables as well, such as tuples and
sets:
julia> tup = (1, 2, 3, 4, 5)
(1, 2, 3, 4, 5)
julia> filter(f, tup)
(2, 4)
julia> set = Set([1, 2, 3, 4, 5])
Set([5, 4, 3, 2, 1])
julia> filter(f, set)
Set{Int64} with 2 elements:
4
2
Broadcasting
In Julia, broadcasting is the process of applying a function to each element
of an array or other iterable in a way that is similar to element-wise
operations. You can use the . operator to broadcast a function over an array
or other iterable.
For example, given a function f and array arr, you can use broadcasting as
follows:
julia> f(x) = x^2
f (generic function with 1 method)
julia> arr = [1, 2, 3, 4]
4-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
2
3
4
julia> f.(arr)
4-element Array{Int64,1}:
1
4
9
16
This applies the function f to each element of arr and returns a new array
with the results.
You can use broadcasting with other types of iterables as well, such as
tuples, sets, and dictionaries:
julia> tup = (1, 2, 3, 4)
(1, 2, 3, 4)
julia> f.(tup)
(1, 4, 9, 16)
julia> set = Set([1, 2, 3, 4])
Set([4, 3, 2, 1])
julia> f.(set)
Set([16, 9, 4, 1])
Broadcasting over dictionaries and NamedT uples is reserved.
We can use various modules in Julia or other languages to write code in
Julia. First, let us learn how to use various modules and sub-modules to
write code in Julia.
Example of Module Subtyping
In Julia, module subtyping is a way to deﬁne a subtype relation ship between
two modules. This is similar to subtyping in object-oriented programming,
where a subtype is a type that is derived from another type (the supertype)
and is considered to be a more speciﬁc version of the supertype.
Module subtyping in Julia is implemented using the <: operator , which is
used to specify that one module is a subtype of another . For example,
module A
end
module B <: A
end
Here, B is a subtype of A. This means that any function or method that
expects an A can also accept a B.
Module subtypi ng is often used to create a hierarchy of types, where each
module represents a more speciﬁc version of the type deﬁned by its
supertype. This can be useful for creating APIs or for organizing code in a
logical and reusable way .
julia> module M
import InteractiveUtils: subtypes
export Foo, Bar, f
abstract type Super end
struct Foo <: Super end
struct Bar <: Super end
const FooConst = 1
const BarConst = 2
for T in subtypes(Super)
@eval f(::Type{$T}) = $(Symbol(nameof(T), “Const”)) end
end # module
Main.M
julia> using .M; f(Foo)
1
julia> f(Bar)
2
In this example, the M module deﬁnes an abstract type called Super , and two
concrete types Foo and Bar that are subtypes of Super.  It also deﬁnes two
constants FooConst  and BarConst,  and a function f that takes a type
parameter T that is a subtype of Super .
Inside the module, the subtypes  function is used to get a list of all subtypes
of Super . Then, a loop iterates over this list and generates code to deﬁne the
behavior of the f functio n for each subtype. The @eval  macro is used to
evaluate this code at runtime.
The code generated by the loop is equivalent to the following:
function f(::Type{Foo})
return FooConst
end
function f(::Type{Bar})
return BarConst
end
Therefore, when  f(Foo)  is called , it returns the value of FooConst,  which is
1. Similarly , when f(Bar)  is called, it returns the value of BarConst,  which
is 2.
We can use various modules to create a child/sub-module in Julia which
contains the speciﬁc functionalities of the parent modules. We can use
various modules/packages from other languages to write code in Julia.
Integrating with Python
There are several ways to integrate Julia with packages from other
languages:
RCall and PyCall: These are Julia  packages that allow you to call R
and Python code from Julia, respectively . To use these packages, you
will need to have R or Python installed on your system.
Cxx.jl:  This is a Julia package that allows you to call C++ code from
Julia. To use this package, you will need to have a C++ compiler
installed on your system.
FFI.jl:  This is a Julia package that allows you to call foreign functions
(i.e., functions written in languages other than Julia) using Julia’ s
foreign function  interface (FFI). To use this package, you will need to
have the development ﬁles (e.g., headers) for the foreign language
installed on your system.
Using Julia as a bridge betwee n languages:  Another option is to use
Julia as a bridge between the languages you want to use. For example,
you could use PyCall to call Python code from Julia, and then use
RCall to call R code from Julia. This can be a useful way to integrate
packages from multiple languages.
We will learn about integrating Python and R libraries in Julia. There are
several ways to integrate Python and Julia. Here are a few options:
Use the PyCall  packag e to call Python functions and use Python libraries
directly from Julia. PyCall  provides a simp le, high-level interface for calling
Python functions and using Python libraries from Julia.
julia> using PyCall
# Evaluate a Python expression and capture the result
julia> py”2 + 2”
4
PyCall is a package for Julia that allows you to call Python code from Julia.
To use PyCall, you will ﬁrst need to have Python installed on your system.
There are a few reasons why you want to use PyCall to call Python functions
from Julia:
You may have an existing Pytho n code that you want to use in a Julia
project. PyCall allows you to use this code without the need to rewrite
it in Julia.
Some Python libraries have functionality that is not available in Julia.
By using PyCall, you can access these libraries and use their functions
from within Julia.
You may ﬁnd that some Python libraries are easier to use or more
efﬁcient than their Julia counterp arts. In this case, PyCall allows you to
take advantage of these libraries from within Julia.
Some Python libraries have functionality that is not yet available in
Julia. By using PyCall, you can use these libraries and their functions
as a temporary workaround until the functionality is implemented in
Julia.
julia> using PyCall
# Call a Python function
julia> @pyimport math
julia> println(math.sin(math.pi / 2))
1.0
# Use a Python library
julia> @pyimport numpy as np
julia> a = np.array([1, 2, 3])
julia> println(a .+ 1)
[2, 3, 4]
# Define the Python function
julia> @pyimport math
julia> function py_sin(x)
return math.sin(x)
end
# Call the Python function from Julia
julia> julia_sin(x) = py_sin(x)
julia> julia_sin(math.pi/2)
1.0
Use the PyPlot package to use the Matplotlib library for plotting from Julia.
PyPlot  is a Julia interface to Matpl otlib, a popular plotting library for
Python (see Figur e 4.2 ).
julia> using PyPlot
julia> x = range(0, 2*pi, 100)
0.0:0.06346651825433926:6.283185307179586
julia> plot(x)
1-element Vector{PyObject}:
PyObject <matplotlib.lines.Line2D object at 0x7f7ea90c2d00>
Figure 4.3:  Plotting the values of x on the scale
Use the Conda  package to create a Conda environment and run Python code
within it from Julia. This can be useful if you need to use speciﬁ c versions of
Python libraries that are not available in the default Python installation.
julia> using Conda
julia> Conda.runconda(`create -y --name pyenv numpy`)
[ Info: Running `conda create -y --name pyenv numpy` in root
environment Collecting package metadata
(current_repodata.json): done Solving environment: done
julia> Conda.add(“numpy”)
[ Info: Running `conda install -y numpy` in root environment
Collecting package metadata (current_repodata.json): done
Solving environment: done
The activate and run various python commands in the conda environment.
For more details refer to https://github.com/JuliaPy/Conda.jl . We mostly use
the PyCall package as it is easy to use.
Integrating with R
RCall is a package for Julia that allows you to call the R code from Julia. To
use RCall, you will ﬁrst need to have R installed on your system. Here are a
few reasons why you want to use RCall to call R functions from Julia:
You may have an existing R code that you want to use in a Julia
project. RCall allows you to use this code without the need to rewrite it
in Julia.
Some R libraries have functionality that is not available in Julia. By
using RCall, you can access these libraries and use their functions from
within Julia.
You may ﬁnd that some R libraries are easier to use or more efﬁcient
than their Julia counterparts. In this case, RCall allows you to take
advantage of these libraries from within Julia.
Some R libraries have functionality that is not yet available in Julia. By
using RCall, you can use these libraries and their functions as a
temporary workaround until the functionality is implemented in Julia.
Before installing its own copy of R, the RCall build script, triggered by
Pkg.add , will check for an existing R installation in the following order:
1. The R_HOME  environ ment variable, if set, is checked as the location of
the R home directory .
2. The R HOME  command is run, assuming R is in the P ATH.
3. On Windows, the Windows registry is checked.
4. If no existing installation is found, the r-base  package is installed.
It is important to set the R_HOME  environment variable or run the R HOME
command if R is installed in a non-standard location before adding the RCall
package to avoid installation of another copy of R which may not be
intended.
To specify the R installation to be used by RCall, set the R_HOME
environment variable and run Pkg.build(“RCall”).  Then, RCall will
remember this location for future updates, so you don’t have to set R_HOME
permanently . Here is an exam ple of how to set R_HOME  to a speciﬁc
installation of R:
ENV[“R_HOME”] = “/usr/local/Cellar/r/3.6.1/lib/R”
ENV[“PATH”] = “….directory of R executable…”
Pkg.build(“RCall”)
You can also set the R_EXE  environment variable to the path of the R
executable if it’ s not in your system’ s PATH.
ENV[“R_EXE”] = “/usr/local/Cellar/r/3.6.1/bin/R”
Keep in mind that you will need to restart Julia after setting these
environment variables to take ef fect.
julia> using RCall
# Evaluate an R expression and capture the result
julia> r”2 + 2”
4
Conclusion
Arrays, tuples, and named tuples are basic data structures in Julia that are
used to store and manipulate collections of data. Arrays are indexable and
mutable, tuples are immutable, and named tuples are a subclass of tuples that
have named ﬁelds. Sets are collections of unique elements, and dictionaries
are key-value pairs.
Module subtyping is a feature in Julia that allows users to deﬁne new
subtypes of existing types, while still inheriting the behavior and properties
of the parent type. This allows for more ﬂexibility and modularity in code
development.
Julia has strong integration with both Python and R, making it easy to use
functions and packages from these languages within Julia. This allows Julia
to tap into the vast ecosystems of both Python and R and makes it a powerful
tool for data analysis and scientiﬁc computing. Overall, Julia offers a wide
range of data structures and features that make it a useful language for a
variety of applications.
In the next chap ter, we will cove r a variety of topics related to working with
data in Julia. This will include getting and inspecting data, working with
numerical data, working with textual data, working with temporal data, and
handling data in general.
Questions
1. How do arrays, tuples, and named tuples differ in terms of their
properties and uses in Julia?
2. How can sets be used to store and manipulate unique elements in Julia?
3. How do diction aries allow users to store and retrieve data by key in
Julia?
4. How does module subtyping work in Julia, and what are some use
cases for it?
5. How can Julia be integrated with Python and R, and what are some
beneﬁts of this integration?
6. How can arrays, tuples, and dictionaries be used to store and
manipulate data in Julia?
7. How do named tuples differ from regular tuples in Julia, and when
might they be preferred?
8. How can sets be used to efﬁciently perform common set operations,
such as union and intersection, in Julia?
9. What are some best practices for handling data in general in Julia, such
as cleaning and preprocessing data?
10. How can module subtyping be used to create new subtypes of existing
types in Julia, and what are some beneﬁts of this approach?
CHAPTER  5
Working With Datasets In Julia
Introduction
In this chapter , we will cover the following topics: Getting and inspecting
data, working with numerical data, working with textual data, working with
temporal data, and handling data. We will start by discussing how to acquire
and examine data, including methods for identifying and dealing with
missing or inaccurate data. The quality and relevance of the data will
determine the accuracy and credibility of the analysis and insights, having
clean, relevant, and accurate data can help ensure that the results of the
analysis are reliable, and combining data from multiple sources can provide
a compl eter and more accurate picture of the situation and the ability to
acquire data in real-time allows for faster decision making and improved
efﬁciency . It is essential to inspe ct the data to identify any issues or patterns
that may affect the accuracy and reliability of the analysis. Additionally , it
helps to identify  any data preprocessing as well as cleaning that may be
necessary and any assumptions or hypotheses that can be made about the
data. Next, we will explore techniques for working with numerical data,
including data cleaning, transformation, and visualization. We will also
cover working with textual data, such as text preprocessing, tokenization,
and feature extra ction. We will then move on to working with temporal data,
including handli ng time series data and working with date and time formats.
Finally , we will discuss genera l best practices for handling data, including
data storage and management, and ethical considerations.
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics are covered:
Getting and inspecting data
Working with
numerical data
textual data
temporal data
A data science problem
Getting and Inspecting Data in Julia
Studying the methods of getting  and inspecting data is importa nt to ensure
that we have high quality data that is accurate and relevant, to prepare the
data for analysis, to acquire and inspect data efﬁciently , to gain better
insights, and make better decisions. Studying the methods of getting and
inspecting data is important for several reasons:
Figure 5.1:  Generating and inspecting data
Quality of data:  By studying the various methods of getting data, we
can learn how to acquire high-quality data from trustworthy sources.
This will ensure that the data used in our analysis is accur ate and
relevant, which in turn will improve the credibility and reliability of
our analysis.
Data preparati on: Data inspection allows us to identify any issues or
patterns in the data that may affect the accuracy and reliability of our
analysis. Analyzing the different techniques of data inspection, we will
be able to identify and address these issues, such as cleani ng and
transforming the data, before we begin our analysis.
Efﬁciency:  Acquiring and inspecting data in an efﬁcient manner is
important for time sensitive tasks. By studying the different methods of
getting and inspecting data, we can learn how to acquire and inspect
data quickly and efﬁciently , which can be especially useful in real-time
applications such as ﬁnance or healthcare.
Better  insights:  We can learn how to integrate data from numerous
sources by researching different approaches to getting and examining
data. This can help us gain a more complete and accurate
understanding of the situation at hand, and to identify patterns and
trends that may not be apparent from a single data source.
Better  decision-making:  The ability to acquire and inspect data
effectively is crucial for any data-driven decision-making process. The
ability to make informed decis ions based on accurate, relevant, and
trustworthy data can be gained by examining the techniques for
obtaining and analyzing data.
Acquiring Data from Julia
Acquiring data is an essential aspect of data analysis because  it forms the
foundation of any data driven decision-making process. The quality and
relevance of the data will determine the accuracy and credibility of the
analysis and insights.
Having clean, relevant, and accurate data is essential to ensure that the
results of the analysis are reliable. The data needs to be collected from
trustworthy sources, and it should be cleaned, transformed, and formatted
correctly to be ready for analysis.
Additionally , acquiring data from multiple sources can help to provide a
completer and more accurate picture of the situation at hand. This can be
especially useful when trying to understand complex systems or phenomena.
For exam ple, combining data from different sources such as surveys, social
media, and sensor data can give a more comprehensive understanding of
customer sentiment or environmental conditions.
Furthermore, the ability to acquire data in real-time allows for faster
decision-making and improved efﬁciency . For example, in the ﬁeld of
ﬁnance, the ability to acquire stock prices in real time can help traders make
more informed decisions. In healthcare, real-time monitoring of patient vital
signs can help in early diagnosis and treatment.
There are several ways to get data in Julia. Some popular methods include:
Reading data from a ﬁle: Reading data from a ﬁle in Julia is a
common task in data analysis . Julia provides several built-in and
external libraries that can be used to read data from a variety  of ﬁle
formats such as CSV , Excel, JSON, and more.
Here are a few examples of how to read data from a ﬁle in Julia:
CSV  ﬁles: The most common ﬁle format for data is CSV  (Comma
Separated Values) format. The built-in Julia library CSV.jl  can be used
to read and write CSV  ﬁles. The CSV.read()  function is used to read a
CSV  ﬁle and returns a DataFram e object. Here is an example of how to
read a CSV  ﬁle:
using CSV
data = CSV.read(“data.csv”)
Excel ﬁles:  To read Excel  ﬁles in Julia,  we can use the package
ExcelReaders.jl/Taro.jl/XLSX.jl  which provid es a simple and
ﬂexible way to read Excel ﬁles. Here is an example of how to read an
Excel ﬁle using the package:
using ExcelReaders
data = readxl(“data.xlsx”, “Sheet1”)
For exam ple, readdlm(“data.txt”, ‘,’) can be used to read a CSV  ﬁle
named data.txt  and store it in a variable. Julia provides several built-in
functions such as readdlm(), readcsv(), readtable(),  etc. that can be
used to read data from a ﬁle and store it in a variable.
JSON ﬁles: The built-in Julia library JSON.jl  can be used to read and
write JSON ﬁles. The JSON.parse()  function is used to parse a JSON
ﬁle and returns a Dict object. Here is an example of how to read a
JSON ﬁle:
using JSON
data = JSON.parsefile(“data.json”)
Other ﬁle formats: Julia also provides built-in support for reading and
writing other ﬁle formats such as HDF5, JLD, and more. Additionally ,
there are many external libraries available for reading speciﬁc ﬁle
formats such as the package Feather.jl  which provides  support for
reading feather ﬁles. Feather.jl  is a package that is used for reading
an older feather format, referr ed to as Feather v1. However , the
current standard for feather format is Feather v2, which is based on
the Apache Arrow format when  it is written to disk. Therefore, if you
need to read and write the current standard Feather v2 format, you
should use the package, Arrow.jl  instead.  Feather.jl  only allows you
to read feather v1 but not feather v2.
Columnar data, also known as columnar storage or columnar databases, is a
method of organizing and storing data in a database or data storage system.
In contrast to row-based storage, where data for each row is stored
sequentially , columnar data storage stores data for each column together .
It is worth noting that when reading the data, you should ensure that the ﬁle
path is correct, that the ﬁle exists and that it is accessible. Also, you may
need to adjust the parameters of the functions to ﬁt the speciﬁc format of the
data you are reading.
Scraping data from the web: Scraping data from the web is a process of
extracting data from websites.  In Julia, there are several libraries
available for web scraping, such as HTTP.jl, WebIO.jl,
Requests.jl, Gumbo.jl  and Cascadia.jl.  These libraries  can be
used to send HTTP requests, parse HTML  and CSS, and extra ct data
from web pages.
Here are a few examples of how to scrape data from the web in Julia:
HTTP.jl : This library provides a low-level API for sending HTTP
requests. It can be used to send GET, POST , PUT, and DELETE
requests to the server and retrieve the response. Here is an example of
how to use HTTP.jl  to send a GET  request and retrieve the HTML
source code of a web page:
julia> r = HTTP.request(“GET”, “http://httpbin.org/ip”)
HTTP.Messages.Response:
“””
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Date: Wed, 23 Aug 2023 07:23:13 GMT
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 32
Connection: keep-alive
Server: gunicorn/19.9.0
Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *
Access-Control-Allow-Credentials: true
{
“origin”: “185.82.240.22”
}
“””
julia> println(r.status)
200
julia> println(String(r.body))
{
“origin”: “1185.82.240.22”
}
Requests.jl ([DEPRECA TED in favor of ]): This library provides a
high-level API for sending HTT P requests. It simpliﬁes the process of
sending requests  and handling responses. Here is an example of how to
use Requests.jl to send a GET  request and retrieve the HTML  source
code of a web page:
using Requests
response = get(“https://example.com”)
html_source = response.text
Gumbo.jl  (a Julia wrap per around Google’ s gumbo C library for
parsing HTML)  and Cascadia.jl(a CSS selector library in Julia) : These
libraries can be used to parse HTML  and CSS and extract data from
web pages. Gumbo.jl  is a pure Julia  implementation of the Gumbo
HTML5 parser , while Cascadia.jl  is a CSS selector library . Here is an
example of how to use Gumbo.jl  and Cascadia.jl  to extra ct the text of
all the links on a web page:
using Gumbo, Cascadia
html_source = “””
<html>
<body>
<a href=’https://example.com’>Example 1</a>
<a href=’https://example.com’>Example 2</a>
</body>
</html>
“””
doc = parsehtml(html_source)
selector = CSSSelector(“a”)
links = selector.(doc)
link_texts = [link.text for link in links]
There are several libraries available for web scraping in Julia such as
HTTP.jl, Requests.jl,  Gumbo.jl  and Cascadia.jl.  These libraries can be
used to send HTTP  requests, parse HTML  and CSS, and extract data from
web pages. HTTP.jl  is a low-level library for sending HTTP  requests,
Requests.jl  is a high-level library that simpliﬁes the proce ss of sending
requests and handling responses , Gumbo.jl  is a pure Julia implementation of
the Gumbo HTML5 parser , and Cascadia.jl  is a CSS selector library .
Accessing Data from a Database
Accessing data from a databa se in Julia can be done using the JDBC
package. JDBC (Java Database Connectivity) is a Java-based data access
technology that enables Java programs to connect to a wide variety of
relational databases and allows for executing SQL statements and managing
database connections.
The JDBC package provides a Julia interface to the JDBC API, allowing
Julia programs to connect to a database and execute SQL statements. To use
the JDBC package, you must ﬁrst install a JDBC driver for the database you
want to connect to.
Here are a few examples of how to use the JDBC package to access data
from a database in Julia:
Connect to a database: To connect to a database, you need to provide
the JDBC driver class, the database URL, and the username and
password. Here is an example of how to connect to a MySQL  database:
using JDBC
# Connect to the database
driver = “com.mysql.jdbc.Driver”
url = “jdbc:mysql://hostname:port/database”
username = “username”
password = “password”
conn = JDBC.connect(driver, url, username, password)
Execute a SELECT  stateme nt: To execute a SELECT  stateme nt, you can
use the execute function, which  returns a ResultSet  object. Here is an
example of how to execute a SELECT  statement and retrieve the ﬁrst
column of the ﬁrst row:
using JDBC
# Connect to the database
driver = “com.mysql.jdbc.Driver”
url = “jdbc:mysql://hostname:port/database”
username = “username”
password = “password”
conn = JDBC.connect(driver, url, username, password)
# Execute a SELECT statement
results = conn.execute(“SELECT * FROM table”)
# Retrieve the first column of the first row
row = results[1]
value = row[1]
Execute an INSERT  stateme nt: To execute an INSERT  stateme nt, you can
use the execute! function, which returns the number of rows affected
by the statemen t. Here is an example of how to execute an INSER T
statement:
using JDBC
# Connect to the database
driver = “com.mysql.jdbc.Driver”
url = “jdbc:mysql://hostname:port/database”
username = “username”
password = “password”
conn = JDBC.connect(driver, url, username, password)
# Execute an INSERT statement
nrows = conn.execute!(“INSERT INTO table (column1, column2)
VALUES (1, ‘value’)”)
Julia provides several libraries such as ODBC.jl, JDBC.jl, and MySQL.jl
that can be used to access data from a database. These libraries can be used
to establish a connection to a database, execute SQL queries and retrieve
data. For example, using ODBC and conn =
ODBC.Connection(“DSN=mydsn;UID=myusername;PWD=mypassword”)  to
establish a connection, then query = ODBC.load(table, conn, mytable”)
to retrieve the data from the table.
Generating synthetic data:  Generating synthetic data in Julia can be
done using various libraries such as Distributions.jl,  Random.jl
and others. These libraries provide a wide range of probability
distributions and random number generators that can be used to
generate synthetic data.
Here are a few examples of how to use these libraries to generate synthetic
data in Julia:
Generating random numbers from a distribution: The
Distributions.jl  library provides a wide range of probability
distributions, including Normal, Poisson, Binomial, etc. You can use
the rand function to generate  random numbers from a particular
distribution. Here is an example of how to generate 10 random
numbers from a normal distribution with mean 0 and standard
deviation 1:
using Distributions
# Create a normal distribution
normal = Normal(0, 1)
# Generate random numbers
rand(normal, 10)
Generating random samples from an array: The Random.jl  library
provides a rand function that can be used to generate random samples
from an array . The following code exempliﬁes how to generate 10
random samples from an array of integers:
using Random
# Create an array of integers
array = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
# Generate random samples
rand(array, 10)
Generating synthetic data using  Random.jl:  The Random.jl  package
provides a rand function that can be used to generate random numbers
and arrays of a certain size and shape. Here is an example of how to
generate a random 2×3 matrix of ﬂoating-point numbers betw een -1
and 1:
using Random
rand(-1:1, 2, 3)
Generating synthetic categorical data : The CategoricalArrays.jl
package provides a rand function that can be used to generate random
categorical data. An example given here shows how to generate 10
random categorical data from a given set of categories:
using CategoricalArrays
# Create an array of categories
categories = [“A”, “B”, “C”]
# Generate random categorical data
rand(categories, 10)
Julia provides several libraries such as Distributions.jl  and Random.jl
that can be used to generate synthetic data for testing and expe rimentation.
For example, using Distributio ns and data = rand(Normal(0, 1), 100) to
generate 100 random samples from a normal distribution with a mean of 0
and a standard deviation of 1.
These are just examples, and the speciﬁc details of the implem entation may
vary depending on the data source and the speciﬁc use case. But overall,
Julia provides a wide range of tools to easily access and import data from
various sources.
Inspecting Data in Julia
Inspecting data is a signiﬁcant aspect of data analysis because it allows you
to understand the characteristics  and properties of the data before you begin
your analysis. It is essential to inspect the data to identify any issues or
patterns that may af fect the accuracy and reliability of the analysis.
Data inspection involves lookin g at the data in different ways to understand
its chara cteristics, such as its size, structure, distribution, and missing values.
This can be done by using various tools such as summary statistics,
visualizations, and data proﬁling.
For exam ple, summary statistics can provide information about the mean,
median, and standard deviation of the data, which can indicate the
distribution of the data and identify outliers. Visualizatio ns such as
histograms and scatter plots can help to identify patterns and trends in the
data, while data proﬁling can reveal inconsistencies, errors, and missing
values in the data.
Inspecting data also helps to identify any data preprocessing and cleaning
that may be necessary . For example, if the data contains missing values,
outliers, or errors, it may need to be cleaned or transformed  to make it
suitable for analysis.
Additionally , data inspection is also essential for identifying any
assumptions or hypotheses that can be made about the data. For example, if
the data shows a clear relatio nship between two variables, it may be
appropriate to analyze the correlation between them.
readlines  is a function that reads the contents of a ﬁle and returns it as an
array of strings, one for each line in the ﬁle. For example,
using DataFrames
lines = readlines(“myfile.txt”)
It shoul d be noted that readlin es is not a function from DataFrames.jl
package but from the Base Julia library .
DataFrames in Julia
In Julia, the CSV  package provides a convenient way to load data from a
CSV  ﬁle into a DataFrame. The CSV.read()  function  is used to read a CSV
ﬁle and return a DataFrame.
We use the CSV.read()  function to load data from a CSV  ﬁle into a
DataFrame. The header parameter can be used to specify whether the ﬁrst
row of the CSV  ﬁle contains column names. Another useful parameter is
delim, to specify the delimiter used in the csv ﬁle, which by default is ‘,’.
You can also use the types parameter to specify the types of columns.
# Specify the types of columns
df = CSV.read(“data.csv”, header=true, delim=’;’,
types=[Int, Float64, String])
# You can also read directly from the ﬁle object.
open(“data.csv”) do file
df = CSV.read(file, header=true)
end
Once the data is loaded into a DataFrame, you can use the standard
DataFrame operations to manipulate and analyze the data.
In Julia, once you have loaded  the data into a DataFrame, you can use
several functions to inspect the contents of the DataFrame.
Here are a few examples:
size(df)  returns the dimensions of the DataFrame (i.e., the number of
rows and columns)
nrow(df)  returns the number of rows in the DataFrame
ncol(df)  returns the number of columns in the DataFrame
names(df)  returns the names of the columns in the DataFrame
describe(df)  returns basic statistics of the DataFrame including
mean, std, min, 25th percentile, median (50th percentile), 75th
percentile, and max.
Here is an example:
using DataFrames
df = DataFrame(A = 1:3, B = [“a”, “b”, “c”])
size(df) # (3, 2)
nrow(df) # 3
ncol(df) # 2
names(df) # [:A, :B]
describe(df)
Figure 5.2:  describe function in dataframes
You can also use the head()  and tail()  functions to display the ﬁrst or last
n rows of the DataFrame respectively . For example,
first(df, 2) # display the first 2 rows of the DataFrame
Figure 5.3:  ﬁrst function in dataframes
last(df, 1) # display the last row of the DataFrame
Figure 5.4:  last function in dataframes
You can access individual rows , columns, and elements of the DataFrame
using the [] operator . For example,
df[1, :] # access the first row of the DataFrame
df[:, “A”] # access the column with name “A” of the DataFrame
df[1, “A”] # access the element in the first row and first
column of the
DataFrame  You can also ﬁlter and select a subset of a DataFrame using the
ﬁlter() and select() functions. filter(row -> row.A > 1, df) # filter
rows where A > 1
select(df, :A) # select column A
Additionally , you can use the groupby()  function to group the data and
perform aggregate operations on the groups.
using Statistics
combine(groupby(df, :B), :A => mean)# group by column B and
calculate the mean of column A for each group
In the Julia programming langu age, the DataFrames.jl  package provides a
data structure for working with tabular data.
names  refers to the column names of a DataFrame. You can access the
column names of a DataFrame  by calling the names  function on the
DataFrame object. For example,
using DataFrames
df = DataFrame(a = 1:3, b = 4:6)
names(df)
# Output: [“a”, “b”]
show  is a function that displays the ﬁrst few rows of a DataFrame in the
console. For example,
using DataFrames
df = DataFrame(a = 1:3, b = 4:6)
show(df)
# Output:
# a b
# 1 4
# 2 5
# 3 6
These are just a few examples  of how you can inspect the contents of a
DataFrame in Julia. The DataFrames package provides many other functions
and methods that can be used to manipulate and analyz e data in a
DataFrame.
Saving text ﬁles
In the Julia programming language, you can save DataFrame to a CSV  ﬁle
using the CSV.jl  package. The package provides  a write  function that can
be used to write a DataFrame into a CSV  ﬁle. The basic syntax for saving a
DataFrame to a CSV  ﬁle is as follows:
using CSV
CSV.write(“filename.csv”, df)
where filename.csv  is the name of the ﬁle to be created, and df is the
DataFrame that you want to save.
By default, the ﬁrst row of the CSV  ﬁle will contain the column names of the
DataFrame. You can also speci fy the delimiter character to be used in the
CSV  ﬁle by passing an additional argument to the write  functio n. For
example, to use a tab character as a delimiter , you can add delim=’\t’:
using CSV
CSV.write(“filename.csv”, df, delim=’\t’)
You can also specify the option to write the header or not, by passing the
option header = true/false to the write function. By default, it is set to true.
For example,
using CSV
CSV.write(“filename.csv”, df, header = false)
You can also write a speciﬁc part of the DataFrame by passing the rows you
want to write. For example,
using CSV
CSV.write(“filename.csv”, df[1:3,:])
The code will only write the ﬁrst three rows of DataFrame in the ﬁle.
There are many more options that you can pass to the write  function to
customize the output, you can ﬁnd more details in the package
documentation.
hasproperty  is a function in Julia that is used to check if an object has a
certain property or ﬁeld. For example, if you have a struct or object called
myobj  and you want to check if it has a ﬁeld called field1,  you would use
the hasproperty  function like this:
hasproperty(myobj, :field1)
This will return true if the ﬁeld exists and false if it does not.
columnindex  is a function in Julia used to extract the index of a column
from a DataFram e. The function takes two arguments: the DataFrame and
the column name. For example, if you have a DataFrame called df and you
want to ﬁnd the index of the column called column1 , you would use the
columnindex  function like this:
columnindex(df, :column1)
This will return an integer representing the index of the speciﬁed column.
Packages for Text Analysis
The TextAnalysis  package  in Julia provides a range of tools for processing
text data, including tokenization , stemming, and stopword removal. Here are
a few code examples to illustrate how to use the TextAnalysis  package:
using TextAnalysis
# Tokenize a string into words
text = “This is a sample text.”
tokens = tokenize(text)
# Remove stop words from the tokens
stopwords = [“is”, “a”, “the”]
filtered_tokens = filter(t -> !(t in stopwords), tokens)
Output:
3-element Vector{String}:
“this”
“sample”
“text”
In the preceding code, we use the tokenize function from the TextAnalysis
package to tokenize the string text into words. The resulting tokens are then
passed through the stem function to perform stemming on the tokens.
Finally , the ﬁlter function is used to remove stop words from the tokens by
ﬁltering out any tokens that are present in the stopwords list.
This is just a small example of the functionality offered by the TextAnalysis
package, which also includes functions for text normalization, word
frequency analysis, and n-gram extraction. The package provides a
convenient and ﬂexible platfo rm for processing text data in Julia. The
Tokenize package in Julia provides tools for tokenizing text data, i.e.,
splitting text into smaller units such as words, sentences, or paragraphs.
Visualizing the DataFrame
In Julia,  there are several ways to visualize data stored in columns of a
DataFrame. One popular package for data visualization is Plots.jl,  which
provides a wide range of plot types and customization options. Some
examples show here how to use Plots.jl  for visualizing  data in a
DataFrame:
Line Plot:  To create a line plot of a column in a DataFrame, you can
use the plot()  functio n and pass in the DataFrame and the column
name. For example, if you have a DataFrame called df and you want to
create a line plot of the column  column1 , you would use the following
code:
using Plots
plot(df.column1)
Scatter  Plot:  To create a scatter plot of two columns in a DataFrame,
you can use the scatter()  function and pass in the DataFr ame and the
column names. For example, if you have a Data Frame called df and
you want to create a scatter plot of the columns column1  and column2,
you would use the following code:
using Plots
scatter(df.column1, df.column2)
Histogram : To create a histogram of a column in a DataFrame, you
can use the histogram()  function and pass in the DataFrame and the
column name. For example, if you have a DataFrame called df and you
want to create a histogram of the column column1,  you would use the
following code:
using Plots
histogram(df.column1)
Bar Plot: To create a bar plot of a column in a DataFrame, you can use
the bar()  function and pass in the DataFrame and the column name.
For example, if you have a Data Frame called df and you want to create
a bar plot of the column column1,  you would use the following code:
using Plots
bar(df.column1)
These are just a few examples of the types of plots that can be created with
Plots.jl.  The package offers many more options for customizing the
appearance of the plots and representing data in dif ferent ways.
You can also try other popular packages such as Gadfly.jl, VegaLite.jl
and PyPlot.jl  to visualize data stored in columns of a data frame in Julia.
Working with Strings
In Julia, strings are sequences of characters and are represented by double
quotes (“”). They can be conc atenated using the * operato r and repeated
using the ^ operator . For example,
a = “Hello”
b = “ World”
c = a * b # “Hello World”
d = a ^ 3 # “HelloHelloHello”
You can access individual characters in a string using indexing, for example,
a = “Hello”
a[1] # ‘H’
You can also access a range of characters using slicing, for example,
a = “Hello”
a[1:3] # “el”
There are many string functions available in Julia, some examples are:
length(s) returns the length of a string
uppercase(s) returns an uppercase version of a string
lowercase(s) returns a lowercase version of a string
split(s, delim) splits a string into an array of substrings using the
speciﬁed delimiter
replace(s, old, new) replaces all occurrences of a speciﬁed string with
another string
You can also use string interpolation with the $ sign to include the value of a
variable in a string. For example,
name = “Julia”
“Hello, $name” # “Hello, Julia”
You can use the * operator to repeat a string and the ^ operator to repeat a
string a speciﬁed number of times.
a = “Hello “
b = a^3 # “Hello Hello Hello “
You can use findfirst()  and findlast()  to ﬁnd the ﬁrst and last positio n
of a substring inside a string, respectively .
a = “Hello World”
findfirst(“W”, a) #7:7
findlast(“o”, a) #8:8
There are many other string functions and operations available in Julia. here
are a few more examples of string operations in Julia:
Concatenation : You can concatenate two strings using the * operator .
For example,
string1 = “Hello”
string2 = “world”
result = string1 * “ “ * string2
println(result)
“Hello world”
Replacing a substring : You can use the replace() function to replace a
speciﬁc substring within a string. For example,
string = “Hello world”
new_string = replace(string, “world” => “Julia”)
println(new_string)
“Hello Julia”
Extracting a substring:  You can use indexing to extract a speciﬁc
substring from a string. For example,
string = “Hello world”
substring = string[7:11]
println(substring)
“world”
Converting to upper case or lower case: You can use the uppercase()
and lowercase()  functio ns to convert a string to uppercase or
lowercase respectively . For example,
string = “Hello World”
uppercase_string = uppercase(string)
lowercase_string = lowercase(string)
println(uppercase_string)
println(lowercase_string)
“HELLO WORLD” “hello world”
Finding the length of a string : You can use the length()  function to
ﬁnd the number of characters in a string. For example,
string = “Hello world”
len = length(string)
println(len)
11
Counting the occurr ences of a substring : You can use the count()
function to ﬁnd the number of occurrences of a speciﬁc substring
within a string. For example,
string = “Hello world, Hello universe”
count = count(“Hello”, string)
println(count)
Reading from a Text File
You can also use the open function to open a ﬁle and read its contents into a
string. Here’ s an example:
file = open(“path/to/file.txt”)
file_contents = read(file, String)
close(file)
println(file_contents)
The open function takes the path of the ﬁle as its argument and returns a ﬁle
object. The read function takes the ﬁle object and the type of data you want
to read as its arguments, in this case, String. The close function is used to
close the ﬁle after reading.
Another approach is to use the readlines function to read the contents of a
ﬁle into an array of strings, where each element of the array represents a line
in the ﬁle. Here’ s an example:
file_contents = readlines(“path/to/file.txt”)
for line in file_contents
println(line)
end
The readlines  function  takes the path of the ﬁle as its argument and returns
an array of strings.
Once you have the contents of the ﬁle in a string, you can perform various
operations on it like substring, replacing, etc., using the string functions
mentioned in the previous examples.
It’s impo rtant to note that when reading large ﬁles, it is recommended to use
the open function to avoid loading the entire ﬁle into memory at once.
Another examp le of reading a ﬁle incrementally by a certain  number of
bytes: file = open(“path/to/large_file.txt”)
bytes_to_read = 4096
while !eof(file)
buffer = read(file, bytes_to_read)
println(buffer)
end
close(file)
In this example , the read functi on reads a certain number of bytes (in this
case 4096) from the ﬁle. The while loop runs until the eof funct ion indicates
that the ﬁle has reached its end. The println  function prints the buffer (the
bytes read from the ﬁle).
It’s important to keep in mind that, when reading a ﬁle incrementally , you
need to close the ﬁle once you’re done with it, to release  any system
resources that are being used by the ﬁle. The close function is used for that.
In addition, you can use the readbytes  function to read the ﬁle in bytes if
you want to process the ﬁle in binary format.
file = open(“path/to/large_file.txt”)
bytes_to_read = 4096
while !eof(file)
buffer = readbytes!(file, bytes_to_read)
println(String(buffer))
end
close(file)
Splitting Text String
In Julia, you can use the split()  function to split a string into an array of
substrings based  on a speciﬁed delimiter . The delimiter can be a character or
a regular expression.
For example, to split a string on the character “,” you can use the following
code: julia> s = “a,b,c,d,e”
“a,b,c,d,e”
julia> split(s, “,”)
5-element Array{SubString{String},1}:
“a”
“b”
“c”
“d”
“e”
You can also use regular expressions as delimiters. For examp le, to split a
string on any non-alphanumeric character , the following code can be used:
julia> s = “Hello, World!”
“Hello, World!”
julia> split(r”[^\w]”, s)
3-element Array{SubString{String},1}:
“Hello”
“World”
“”
You can also provide a limit argument to the split function to limit the
number of splits; also you can use the strip()  function to remove any
whitespaces from the resulting substrings.
julia> s = “a,b,c,d,e”
“a,b,c,d,e”
julia> split(s, “,”, limit = 2)
2-element Array{SubString{String},1}:
“a”
“b,c,d,e”
julia> s = “a, b, c, d, e”
“a, b, c, d, e”
julia> map(strip, split(s, “,”))
5-element Array{String,1}:
“a”
“b”
“c”
“d”
“e”
In addition to the split()  function, Julia also has the rssplit()  function,
which splits a string using a speciﬁed character or regular expression, and
returns an iterator over the resulting substrings.
Regular Expressions
Julia has a built-in Regex module that supports working with regular
expressions.
You can create a regular expression by calling the r”pattern”  string literal,
or by calling the Regex(“pattern”)  constructor . For example,
julia> r = r”\d+”
r”\d+”
julia> re = Regex(“\\d+”)
r”\d+”
You can use the match()  function to check if a regular expression matches a
string. For example,
julia> match(r”\d+”, “123abc”)
RegexMatch(“123”)
julia> match(r”\d+”, “abc”)
# Define a regular expression to match any string that starts
with “Julia” regex = r”^Julia”
# Check if the regular expression matches a string
match(regex, “Julia is a great programming language”) # returns
true match(regex, “Python is also a great programming
language”) # returns false
You can also use eachmatch  to ﬁnd all matches of a regular expression in a
string and eachmatch  will return an iterator over the matches.
# Define a regular expression to match any word that starts
with “J” regex = r”\bJ\w+”
# Find all matches
for match in eachmatch(regex, “Julia is a great programming
language”) println(match.match)
end
You can use the findall()  function to ﬁnd all non-overlapping matches of a
regular expression in a string and return them as an array of strings. For
example,
julia> findall(r”\d+”, “abc 123 def 456”)
2-element Array{SubString{String},1}:
“123”
“456”
Julia’ s regular expressions supp ort most of the common metach aracters and
special sequence s like., *, +, ?, {m,n}, |, ^, $, \d, \w, \s, etc. You can also use
capture groups (()) to extract parts of the match and use them in the
replacement string.
Temporal Data
Temporal data, also known as time-series data, refers to data points that are
collected and recorded over a period of time at speciﬁc intervals. These data
points are associ ated with timestamps or time indicators, which allow for the
analysis and modeling of how a particular variable or set of variables
changes over time. Temporal data is prevalent in various domains, including
ﬁnance, weather forecasting, stock market analysis, healthcare, social
sciences, and more.
Handling missin g data is important in any data analysis task, including
temporal data handling. Temporal data, or time series data, often have
missing values due to various reasons such as sensors not working, data not
being recorded, or data not being collected. Understanding the methods of
handling missing data is important before analyzing temporal data because
missing values can have a signiﬁcant impact on the results of the analysis.
For example, if missing values are not handled properly , they can lead to
incorrect results in time series analysis. If missing values are simply
removed, it can result in loss of information, or if missing values are
imputed with incorrect values, it can result in incorrect trend analysis.
Furthermore, it is essential to understand the nature of the missing data, as
different metho ds of handling missing data are appropriate for different
types of missing data. For instan ce, if the missing data is missing at random,
imputing missing values is a suitable method, but if the missing data is not
missing at random, removing missing values is a more convenient method.
Before learning  how to handle temporal or time-series data, let us learn
about missing data.
Handling missing Data
Handling missin g data is a noteworthy task in data analysis. In Julia, the
Missing type is used to repre sent the missing values in arrays. Some
common ways to work with missing data in Julia are as follows:
Removing missing values : The dropmissing()  functio n from the
DataFrames package can be used to remove rows with missing values.
Removing missi ng values is the simplest way to handle missin g data,
but it can result in loss of inform ation if the missing data is not missing
at random. The dropmissing()  function from the DataFrames package
can be used to remove rows with missing values. It returns a new
DataFrame with the missing values removed.
using DataFrames
df = DataFrame(A = [1, missing, 2, 3], B = [4, 5, missing,
7])
df_without_na = dropmissing(df)
Imputing missi ng values:  Imputing missing values is a method of
ﬁlling in the missing values with an estimate based on the available
data. Mean imputation, median imputation, and regression imputation
are some  of the common methods for imputing missing values in Julia.
The Impute package provides functions for imputing missing values.
using Impute
df = DataFrame(A = [1, missing, 2, 3.0], B = [4, 5,
missing, 7.0])
df_imputed = impute(df, Interpolate())
Using a sentinel value : Another way to handle missing  data is to use a
sentinel value that represents missing data, such as -1 or NaN. The NA
constant from the Missing module can be used to represent the missing
data in Julia.
using Missings
A = [1, missings, 2, 3]
fin = skipmissing(A)
Dealing with missing data while computing statistics : The
skipmissing  function from the Statistics package can be used to ignore
missing values while computing statistics such as mean, median, etc.
using Statistics
A = [1, missing, 2, 3]
mean(skipmissing(A))
Interpolation : Interpolation is a method of estimating values between
two known values. Interpolation  can be used to ﬁll in missing values in
a time series. The Interpolations package in Julia provides functions for
interpolating data.
using Interpolations
set = 1:6
sety = [i == 3 ? missing : i for i in set]
xf = [xi for (xi,a) in zip(set, sety) if !ismissing(a)]
Af = [a for a in sety if !ismissing(a)]
itp = interpolate((xf, ), Af, Gridded(Linear()))
It is important to consider the nature of the missing data and the purpose of
the analysis before choosing an appropriate method for handling missing
values.
The coalesce function in Julia is used to replace missing values  (represented
by NA) with a default value.  It takes an array and a default value as
arguments and returns a new array with the missing values replaced by the
default value. The coalesce function is often used to ﬁll in missing values in
arrays, data frames, and other data structures in Julia.
Here’ s an example of using coalesce with missing values in Julia:
A = [1, missing, 2, 3]
B = coalesce.(A, 0)
In this example, the coalesce function replaces the missing value NA with
the default value 0. The resulting array B is [1, 0, 2, 3].
Note that coalesce can also be used with arrays of different types, such as
Float64 and Int64. In that case,  the default value must be of a type that is
compatible with both types.
Handling Temporal Data
Temporal data, also known as time series data, is a series of data points
collected over time. It is a type of sequential data that has a time component,
which means that each data point is associated with a speciﬁc time or date.
Temporal data can be found in various ﬁelds such as ﬁnance, economics,
weather forecasting, stock market analysis, and more.
Examples of temporal data include daily stock prices, monthly sales data,
hourly temperature readings, and weekly rainfall measurements. Temporal
data can be continuous, such as data collected every second, or discrete, such
as data collected daily or monthly .
Temporal data analysis involves analyzing and modeling the underlying
patterns and trends in the data over time. This requires specialized
techniques and methods that take into account the time comp onent of the
data. The goal of temporal data analysis is to extract meaningful insights and
make predictions about future trends and patterns in the data.
There are several packages in Julia that can be used to handle temporal data,
including:
Dates : This package provides an implementation of the Date type,
which represents dates (years, months, and days) with an optional time
of day. The package also provides functions for parsing dates and
times, formatting dates and times, and performing arithmetic on dates
and times.
TimeZones : This packag e provides an implementation of the
TimeZone type, which represen ts a time zone and its associated rules
for converting between local time and coordinated universal time
(UTC).
TimeSeries : This package provides a TimeSeries type for representing
time series data, which is a collection of values with associated
timestamps. The package provides functions for aggregating,
resampling, and transforming time series data.
DataFrames:  The DataFrames package provides a data structure for
working with tabular data, which can include temporal data. The
package provides functions for manipulating and aggregating data, as
well as handling missing values.
The following example depicts how you can handle temporal data in Julia
using the Dates and DataFrames packages:
using Dates, DataFrames
# Create a time series data frame
dates = [Date(2022,1,1), Date(2022,1,2), Date(2022,1,3),
missing]
values = [1, 2, 3, missing]
df = DataFrame(date=dates, value=values)
# Handle missing values in the date column
df.date = coalesce.(df.date, Date(1900,1,1))
# Handle missing values in the value column
df.value = coalesce.(df.value, 0)
In this example, the coalesce function is used to replace missing values in
the date and value columns with default values. The date column is ﬁlled
with a default date 1900-01-01, and the value column is ﬁlled with a default
value 0. The resulting data frame df contains no missing values.
Here are some additional metho ds that can be used to handle temporal data
in Julia:
TimeZones:  The TimeZones  package in Julia provides a TimeZone
type, which represents a time zone and its associated rules for
converting between local time and coordinated universal time (UTC).
The package provides functions for parsing time zones, computing the
offset between time zones, and converting between local time and UTC
time.
TimeSeries : The TimeSeries  package provides a TimeSeries  type for
representing time series data, which is a collection of values with
associated timestamps. The package provides functions for
aggregating, resampling, and transforming time series data. The
TimeSeries  type is optimiz ed for performance and can handle large
time series data sets efﬁciently .
DataFrames:  The DataFrames  package provides a data structure for
working with tabular data, which can include temporal data. The
package provides functions for manipulating and aggregating data, as
well as handling missing values. The DataFrames  package integrates
well with other data analysis packages in Julia, such as Statistics and
Plots, and provides a convenient way to work with time series data in a
tabular format.
Here’ s an example of how you can handle temporal data:
using TimeZones, TimeSeries, DataFrames
# Define a time zone
tz = TimeZone(“America/New_York”)
# Create a time series
timestamps = [DateTime(2022,1,1,0,0,0),
DateTime(2022,1,2,0,0,0),
DateTime(2022,1,3,0,0,0)]
values = [1, 2, 3]
ts = TimeArray(timestamps, values)
# Convert the time series to a data frame
df = DataFrame(timestamp=timestamps, value=values)
In this example, the TimeZones  package is used to deﬁne a time zone, and
the TimeSeries  package is used to create a time series data set. The
DataFrames  package is used to convert the time series data set to a data
frame and aggregate the data.
A Data Science Problem
The Boston Housing problem is a classic machine learning problem that is
commonly used for teaching the principles of regression analysis. The
problem involves using a dataset of 13 features to predict the median value
of owne r-occupied homes in the suburbs of Boston in 1970s.  The dataset
contains 506 instances with each instance having 13 features or variables
that are used to make predictions.
The dataset contains 14 columns or features that describe the homes and
suburbs, including:
CRIM : per capita crime rate by town
ZN: proportion of residential land zoned for lots over 25,000 sq.ft.
INDUS : proportion of non-retail business acres per town
CHAS : Charle s River dummy variable (1 if tract bounds river; 0
otherwise)
NOX:  nitric oxide concentration (parts per 10 million)
RM: average number of rooms per dwelling
AGE : proportion of owner -occupied units built prior to 1940
DIS: weighted distances to ﬁve Boston employment centers
RAD : index of accessibility to radial highways
TAX: full-value property-tax rate per $10,000
PTRA TIO:  pupil-teacher ratio by town
B: 1000(Bk - 0.63)^2 where Bk is the proportion of blacks by town
LSTAT: % lower status of the population
MEDV : Median value of owner -occupied homes in $1000s. This is the
target variable.
Each of these columns represe nts a different aspect of the town that can
potentially affect the median value of owner -occupied homes in the suburb.
The goal of this problem is to use these 13 features to predic t the median
value of owner -occupied homes in the suburbs of Boston.
using MLJ
using RDatasets
# Load the Boston Housing dataset
boston = dataset(“MASS”, “Boston”)
# Split the data into training and test sets
train, test = partition(eachindex(boston), 0.7, shuffle=true,
rng=42) # Define the model
model = @load LinearRegressor pkg=MLJLinearModels
# Fit the model to the training data
MLJ.fit!(model, rows(boston, train))
# Make predictions on the test set
ŷ = MLJ.predict(model, rows(boston, test))
# Evaluate the model
r² = r²(ŷ, boston.medv[test])
println(“R²: $(r²)”)
The code above is a solution to the Boston Housing problem using the Julia
programming language and the MLJ and RDatasets  packages. The code
loads the Boston Housing dataset from the RDatasets  library and splits it
into training and test data sets, with 70% of the data used for training and
30% used for testing.
The code then deﬁnes the model, which is a linear regression model, and
uses MLJ.ﬁt! function to ﬁt the model to the training data. This means that
the model is trained on the training data and optimized to make accurate
predictions.
After ﬁtting the model, the code makes predictions on the test data set using
the MLJ.predict  function and calculates the R² value using the r² function to
evaluate the accuracy of the model’ s predictions. The R² value measures the
proportion of the variance in the target variable (in this case, the median
value of owner -occupied homes in Boston) that is explained by the
independent variables in the model.
Finally , the code prints out the R² value, which gives an indic ation of how
well the model ﬁts the data. A higher R² value indicates better ﬁt and more
accurate predictions.
Conclusion
Julia offers a rich set of tools for working with various types of data,
including nume rical, textual, and temporal data. DataFrames package is a
powerful tool for reading and manipulating data in tabular format, and
provides method s for handling missing values and summarizing data. The
statistics packag e provides a comprehensive set of tools for working with
numerical data, including methods for transforming and visualizing data.
TextAnalysis and Tokenize packages offer a range of functions for
processing text data, including tokenization and text processing. TimeZones
and TimeSeries packages provide a convenient and easy-to-use  interface for
working with time zones and time series data and offer methods for
aggregating, transforming, and visualizing temporal data. With these tools,
Julia provides a comprehensive  and efﬁcient platform for data analysis and
manipulation.
As Julia is a powerful tool for statistical data analysis, the next chapter offers
a wide range of functionality to support various measures such as mean,
median, mode, standard deviation, outlier detection, distance methods,
counts and sampling, the relationship between features, and miscellaneous
statistical functi ons like probability distributions and hypoth esis testing.
Additionally , it provides variou s methods to perform these tasks efﬁciently
and accurately .
Questions
1. How can you load and inspect data from a CSV  ﬁle in Julia?
2. What are the functions for summarizing and visualizing numerical data
in Julia?
3. How can you handle missing values in numerical data in Julia?
4. How can you perform text preprocessing and analysis in Julia?
5. What are the best packages for working with text data in Julia?
6. How can you perform text classiﬁcation and clustering in Julia?
7. How can you handle missing values in temporal data in Julia?
8. What are the best packages for working with time series data in Julia?
9. How can you perform time series analysis and forecasting in Julia?
10. How can you handle time zones and deal with temporal data in
different formats in Julia?
11. How can you read a CSV  ﬁle into a DataFrame in Julia?
12. What are the different ways to inspect the structure and summary
statistics of a DataFrame in Julia?
13. How can you handle missing values in a DataFrame in Julia?
14. What are the different ways to manipulate and transform numerical
data in Julia? 15. How can you create and visualize histograms and
other plots in Julia?
15. How can you work with text data in Julia, including splitting  strings
and processing text data in a DataFrame?
16. How can you handle time zones  and time series data in Julia using the
TimeZones and TimeSeries packages?
17. What are the different ways to manipulate and aggregate temporal data
in Julia, including resampling and grouping by time intervals?
18. How can you perform operation s on time series data sets in Julia, such
as computing the dif ference between two time-series data sets?
19. How can you visualize the time series data in Julia using the Plots
package?
CHAPTER  6
Basics of Statistics
Julia is a high-level programm ing language that is widely used for data
analysis and scientiﬁc computing. One of the areas where Julia excels is in
statistical analysis, which is an essential component of data analysis.
In Julia, there are two main types of statistics: descriptive and inferential.
Descriptive statistics involves summarizing and describing the main
features of a dataset. These features include central tendency measures like
mean, median, and mode, variability measures like standard deviation and
variance, and distribution measu res like histograms and density plots. Julia
provides packag es like StatsBase  and DataFrames  that have funct ions for
carrying out these tasks.
The Statistics package in Julia provides a rich collection of functions for
calculating vario us measures such as mean, median, mode, and standard
deviation. These  functions are essential for descriptive statistics. By using
these functions,  analysts can quickly and easily summarize and describe
datasets, gain insights into the data, and communicate ﬁndings to others.
Inferential statis tics, on the other hand, involves making predictions or
inferences about  a population based on a sample of data. Julia has packages
like HypothesisTests  and GLM that provide functions for carrying out
hypothesis testing, regression analysis, and other inferential methods. These
packages help analysts draw conclusions about population s, estimate
population parameters, and quantify the uncertainty in their estimates.
Julia also provides more advanced statistical modeling packages like
MCMC and Distributions. These packages enable analysts to build
sophisticated models that can account for complex data structures and
dependencies.
To get started with statistics in Julia, it’s important to have a basic
understanding of statistics and be familiar with programming in Julia.
Analysts can leverage the available packages and functions to carry out
basic and advanced statistical analysis. The available resources and
community support make it easy for anyone to learn and master statistical
analysis in Julia. These are just some of the basics of statistics in Julia, and
there are many more concepts and packages available for further study .
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered
Statistics in Julia
Descriptive Statistics and its purpose
Overview of the main descriptive statistics measures
Outlier detection and treatment in data analysis
Distance methods
Counts and Sampling
Relationship between various features in the dataset during data
analysis
Miscellaneous statistical functions that aid in data analysis
Observational Estimation in data analysis
Statistics in Julia
Julia’ s Statistics module is a powerful tool for data analysis and modeling.
One of its key features is its high level of performance, which allows it to
handle large-scale data analysis tasks with ease. The Statistics module is
built into the language, which means it is always available and requires no
additional installation or setup.
The module is designed to be user-friendly and ﬂexible, making it suitable
for both simple and complex data analysis tasks. With its range of statistical
functions and methods, the Statistics module can help analysts summarize
and analyze their data quickly and accurately . Statistics module’ s
capabilities also make it ideal for use in big data environments, where large
datasets need to be processed efﬁciently .
In addition to the basic statis tical measures like mean, median, mode,
variance, and standard deviatio ns, the Statistics module also provides a
variety of other statistical metho ds such as correlation analysis, hypothesis
testing, and regression analysis.  The module supports both vectorized and
parallel operatio ns, which allows it to handle large datasets efﬁciently .
Vectorized operations can be used to perform the same calculation on
multiple data points simultaneou sly, while parallel operations can be used to
distribute computation across multiple processors or computers.
Overall, Julia’ s Statistics modul e is a comprehensive and powe rful tool for
data analysis and modeling, with capabilities that can help analysts handle
both simple and complex tasks with ease.
Descriptive Statistics and its purpose
Descriptive statistics is a vital branch of statistics that focuses on
summarizing, presenting, and describing a set of observations. Its primary
goal is to provide information about the main features of a dataset, such as
the central tendency , variability , and distribution, using numerical and
graphical methods. This branch of statistics is essential because it allows us
to bette r under stand the data and draw meaningful conclusions and
inferences.
Descriptive statistics plays a signiﬁcant role in the initial stages of data
analysis. It is often the ﬁrst step in analyzing a dataset, as it provides an
overview of the data and helps identify patterns, outliers, trends, and
relationships. These insights can provide a better understan ding of the
underlying phenomena being studied, allowing analysts to make more
informed decisions.
Numerical methods, such as measures of central tendency (for example,
mean, median, and mode), measures of variability (for example, standard
deviation, and variance), and measures of shape (for example, skewness and
kurtosis), are commonly used in descriptive statistics. Graphical methods,
such as histogra ms, box plots, scatter plots, and density plots, are also used
to visualize the data and identify trends.
Descriptive statistics is crucial for exploring the data and under standing its
properties before applying more advanced statistical methods, such as
inferential statistics. In summary , descriptive statistics is a fundamental
branch of statis tics that is essential for gaining insights into the data and
providing a basis for more advanced statistical analysis.
Overview of the main descriptive statistics
measures
StatsBase.jl  is a Julia package that provides a suite of functions for
descriptive statistics. Here’ s a brief overview of some of the main
descriptive statistics measures that can be computed using StatsBase.jl :
Weighted sum and mean:
The weighted sum and weighted  mean are calculated by taking into account
the importance or weight of each data point in the set. In StatsBase.jl , you
can calculate the weighted sum using the wsum()  function, and the weighted
mean using the wmean()  function.
using StatsBase
# Define the data set
data = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
weights = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
# Calculate the weighted sum and mean
wsum = sum(data .* weights)
wmean = mean(data, Weights(weights))
println(“The weighted sum of the data is: “, wsum)
The weighted sum of the data is: 35
println(“The weighted mean of the data is: “, wmean)
The weighted mean of the data is: 3.5
Mean:
Mean, also known as average, is a measure of central tendency that
represents the sum of all values in a dataset divided by the number of
observations. It gives an idea of what the typical value in the dataset
is. In StatsBase.jl , you can calculate the mean of a dataset by using
the mean()  function. Here’ s an example:
using StatsBase
data = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
mean_value = mean(data)
println(“The mean of the dataset is: “, mean_value)
The mean of the dataset is: 3.0
Median:
Median is the middle value of a dataset when it is sorted in ascending
or desce nding order. It gives an idea of the center of the dataset and is
useful when there are outliers in the dataset. In StatsBase.jl , you can
calculate the median of a dataset by using the median()  function.
Here’ s an example:
using StatsBase
data = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
median_value = median(data)
println(“The median of the dataset is: “, median_value)
The median of the dataset is: 3.0
Mode:
Mode is the most frequently occurring value in a dataset. In
StatsBase.jl , you can calculate the mode of a dataset by using the
mode()  function. Here’ s an example:
using StatsBase
data = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5]
mode_value = mode(data)
# Calculate the modes
modes_values = modes(data)
println(“The mode of the dataset is: “, mode_value)
The mode of the dataset is: 5
println(“The modes of the data are: “, modes_values)
The modes of the data are: [5]
Range:
Range is the difference between the maximum and minimum values in
a dataset. It gives an idea of the spread of the dataset. In StatsBase.jl ,
you can calculate the range of a dataset by using the range()  function.
Here’ s an example:
using StatsBase
data = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
range_value = range(data)
println(“The range of the dataset is: “, range_value)
The range of the dataset is: (1, 5)
Variance:
Variance is a measure of the spread of a dataset, representi ng the
average of the squared differenc es from the mean. It gives an idea of
how spread out the values in the dataset are. In StatsBase.jl , you can
calculate the variance of a dataset by using the var()  function. Here’ s
an example:
using StatsBase
data = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
variance_value = var(data)
println(“The variance of the dataset is: “,
variance_value)
The variance of the dataset is: 2.5
Standard Deviation:
The standard deviation measures the spread or dispersion of a set of
data. The standard deviation can be obtained by taking the square root
of the variance. In StatsBase.jl , the standard deviation of a set of
numbers can be calculated using the std function. This function takes
an array of numbers as input and returns the standard deviation of the
data.
using StatsBase
# Define the data set
data = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
# Calculate the standard deviation of the data
stddev = std(data)
println(“The standard deviation of the data is: “, stddev)
The standard deviation of the data is: 1.5811388300841898
Covariance:
Covariance is a statistical measure that describes the relationship
between two variables. Speciﬁc ally, it measures the degree to which
two variables move together , either positively or negatively . A positive
covariance indicates that the two variables tend to increase or decrease
together , while a negative covariance indicates that one variable tends
to increa se as the other decrease s. In other words, covariance measures
the extent to which two variables are related to each other . It is
calculated by taking the average of the product of the deviations of
each variable from their respect ive means. Covariance can be used to
assess the degree of association between variables and is often used in
regression analysis and portfolio management.
The cov functio n in the Statistics package in Julia is a method that
computes the covariance between two vectors x and y using a given
covariance estim ator ce. A cova riance estimator “ce” is an object that
implements the CovarianceEstimator  interface, which provides
methods for estimating (not exact computation) the cova riance
between two or more (multivariate-random vectors) sets of
observations. This allows for ﬂexible computation of the covariance
(estimating the covariance), as different covariance estimators can be
used depending on the properties of the data and the desired level of
accuracy . For example, different estimators may use different
techniques to handle missing values or to compute the covariance
when the sampl e size is small. Here’ s an example of how you might
use the cov method:
# Define two sets of observations
x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
y = [1, 4, 9, 16, 25]
# Compute the covariance between x and y
c = cov(x, y)
println(c)
# Output:
# 15
Corr elation:
Correlation is a statistical measure that indicates the degree of
association between two variables. It shows how two variables are
related to each other and the direction of the relationship, whether it’s
positive or negative. A positive correlation means that as one variable
increases, the other variable also tends to increase, while a negative
correlation means that as one variable increases, the other variable
tends to decrease. Correlation is measured using a correlation
coefﬁcient, which ranges from -1 to 1, with values of -1 indicating a
perfect negative correlation, 1 indicating a perfect positive correlation,
and 0 indicating no correlation between the variables. Correlati on is a
commonly used statistical tool in data analysis and is often used to
assess the strength of a relationship between variables and to make
predictions based on those relationships.
The cor function in the Statistics package in Julia computes the
correlation betw een two vectors using a given covariance estima tor ce,
also known as the Pearson correlation matrix. A Pearson correlation
matrix is a table that displa ys the Pearson correlation (linear
relationship) coefﬁcients between several pairs of variables. It is a way
of summ arizing the correlation between variables in a dataset, and is
often used in data analysis and statistical modeling. The
Pearson correlation coefﬁcient is a measure of the linear relationship
between two variables, and ranges from -1 to +1. A value of +1
indicates a perfect positive linear relationship, 0 indicates no linear
relationship, and -1 indicates a perfect negative linear relationship.
Here’ s an example of how you might use the cor method:
# Define a matrix of observations
X = [1 2 3; 4 5 6; 7 8 9]
# Compute the Pearson correlation matrix of X
c = cor(X)
println(c)
# Output:
# 3x3 Matrix{Float64}:
# 1.0 1.0 1.0
# 1.0 1.0 1.0
# 1.0 1.0 1.0
Entr opy:
The entropy(p, [b]) function in Julia computes the entropy  of a
collection of probabilities p. Entropy is a measure of the uncertainty or
randomness of a system, and in the context of information theory , it
represents the amount of information contained in a message or signal.
The p parameter is a collection  of probabilities, where each element
represents the probability of a particular outcome. The p parameter
should be a vector or an array of non-negative values that sum to 1.
The b parameter  is optional, and it is a real number that speciﬁes the
base of the logarithm used to compute the entropy . By default, b is set
to ℯ  (Euler ’s number), which  corresponds to using the natural
logarithm. If you provide a value for b, the entropy will be scaled by
1/log(b) . This scaling factor adjusts the units of the entropy measure,
and it is useful in some contexts, such as in signal processing.
If the probability of an event is either 0 or 1, then the entropy of that
event is 0 because there is eithe r no uncertainty or no randomn ess in
the outcome.
Here is an example usage of the entropy function in Julia:
julia> using StatsBase
julia> p = [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4];
julia> entropy(p)
1.2798542258336676
julia> entropy(p, 2) # entropy(p) / log2(2)
1.8464393446710157
julia> entropy([0.0, 0.5, 0.5])
0.6931471805599453
julia> entropy([1.0, 0.0, 0.0])
0.0
Quantiles:
A quant ile is a general term for a cut point that divides a set of data
into equal-sized groups. For example, the median is a type of quantile
that divides a dataset into two equal-sized groups. The term “quantile”
is often used in reference to the median (a 2-quantile), the quartiles (a
4- quantile), or the percentiles (a 100-quantile).
A quartile, on the other hand, is a speciﬁc type of quantile that divides
a dataset into four equal sized groups. The three quartiles are the 25th
percentile, the 50th percentile (which is the median), and the 75th
percentile. The interquartile range (IQR) is the range between the ﬁrst
and third quartiles and contains the middle 50% of the data.
Quantiles and quartiles are both measures of the distribution of a
dataset, but they differ in the number of segments into which the data
is divided.
In StatsBase.jl , the quartiles can be calculat ed using the quantile
function. This function takes as input an array of numbers and a set of
quartile values in the range of 0 to 1, (i.e. 0.0, 0.25, 0.75, 1.0), and
returns the corresponding quartile values for the data.
using StatsBase
# Define the data set
julia> data = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
# Calculate the quartiles of the data
julia> q1, q3 = quantile(data, [0.25, 0.75])
julia> println(“The first quartile (Q1) of the data is: “,
q1)
The first quartile (Q1) of the data is: 2.0
julia> println(“The third quartile (Q3) of the data is: “,
q3)
The third quartile (Q3) of the data is: 4.0
Summary Statistics:
You can calcula te summary statistics for a set of data, such as the
mean, median, mode, variance, standard deviation, and range, in one
call using the describe or summarystats  function from StatsBase.jl.
using StatsBase
# Define the data set
julia> data = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
# Calculate the summary statistics
julia> summary_stats = describe(data)
Summary Stats:
Length: 5
Missing Count: 0
Mean: 3.000000
Minimum: 1.000000
1st Quartile: 2.000000
Median: 3.000000
3rd Quartile: 4.000000
Maximum: 5.000000
Type: Int64
Note that these are just a few of the descriptive statistics measures available
in StatsBase.jl . It’s also worth mentioning that some of the functions
mentioned above can accept additional parameters, such as the type of
mean or type of quantile calculation, to allow for more speciﬁc calculations.
Outlier detection and treatment in data analysis
An outlier is an observation that is signiﬁcantly different from other
observations in a dataset. It is an extreme value that is much larger or
smaller than the other values in the dataset. Outliers can be caused by
various factors, such as measure ment errors, data entry errors, or genuinely
unusual events.
Detecting and handling outliers is an important step in data analysis, as they
can have a signiﬁcant impact on statistical measures and modeling results.
Outliers can distort the estimates of central tendency , such as the mean and
median, and can also affect measures of variability , such as the standard
deviation. There fore, it is important to identify and investigate outliers to
determine if they are valid data points or if they should be removed from
the dataset.
There are several techniques for identifying and treating outliers, including
z-scores and the interquartile range.
Z-scor es:
A Z-score, also known as a standard score, is a statistical measu rement
that represents the number of standard deviations a data point is from
the mean of a distribution. Data points with a z-score greater than a
certain threshold  (usually 2 or −2) are considered outliers. To calculate
the z-score of a data point in Julia using StatsBase.jl , you can use the
zscore()  function.
using StatsBase
# Define the data set
julia> data = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10]
6-element Vector{Int64}:
1
2
3
4
5
10
# Calculate the z-scores of the data set
julia> zscores = zscore(data)
julia> println(“The z-scores of the data set are: “,
zscores)
The z-scores of the data set are: [-0.993145909629702,
-0.6795208855361119, - 0.36589586144252184,
-0.052270837348931766, 0.26135418674465827,
1.8294793072126085]
Inter quartile Range (IQR):
The interquartile range (IQR) is a measure of variability that indicates
how spread out the middle 50% of a dataset is. It is calculated  as the
difference betw een the 75th percentile (Q3) and the 25th percentile
(Q1) of the data. To identify outliers, a common rule of thumb is to
consider any data point that falls below Q1 - 1.5 IQR or above Q3 +
1.5 IQR as an outlier. This means that data points outside this range
are unus ually far from the median and may be considered extreme
values or errors in the data. The IQR method is a robust method for
detecting outliers since it is less sensitive to extreme values compared
to other methods such as using the standard deviation. To calculate the
IQR of a data set in Julia using StatsBase.jl , you can use the iqr()
function.
using StatsBase
# Define the data set
julia> data = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10]
# Calculate the IQR of the data set
julia> iqr_value = iqr(data)
julia> println(“The IQR of the data set is: “, iqr_value)
The IQR of the data set is: 2.5
Distance methods in StatsBase.jl
Evaluating dista nces or deviations between points in statistics is important
because it helps understand how different the data points are from each
other or from a central measure such as the mean. By measuring the
distances, you can determine the spread or dispersion of the data. The
information gained from these measurements can help in identifying
outliers, detecting patterns and relationships in the data, and making
predictions based on the data.
For exam ple, in a normal distrib ution, the majority of the data will be close
to the mean, with relatively few points deviating signiﬁcantly from it. If the
deviations from the mean are large, it could indicate a skewed or non-
normal distribution.
Additionally , evaluating distances between points can be useful in cluster
analysis, where the goal is to group similar points together . By measuring
the dista nces between points, you can determine which points are closest to
each other and group them accordingly .
L1dist : The L1dist()  function  in StatsBase.jl  returns the L1 distance
between two arrays. L1 distance, also known as Manhattan distance or
taxicab distance, is the sum of the absolute differences of the
coordinates between two points , as if the distance had to be traveled
along the edges of a square grid rather than in a straight line.
julia> using StatsBase
# Define two arrays
julia> array1 = [1, 2, 3]
julia> array2 = [2, 3, 4]
# Calculate the L1 distance between the two arrays
julia> L1_distance = L1dist(array1, array2)
julia> println(“The L1 distance between the two arrays is:
“, L1_distance) The L1 distance between the two arrays is:
3.0
L2dist : The L2dist  functio n in StatsBase.jl  returns the L2 distance
between two arrays. L2 distance , also known as Euclidean dista nce, is
the square root of the sum of the squared differences betwe en the
coordinates of two points. It represents the length of the straight line
connecting two points in a Euclidean space.
julia> using StatsBase
julia> # Define two arrays
array1 = [1, 2, 3]
3-element Vector{Int64}:
julia> array2 = [2, 3, 4]
3-element Vector{Int64}:
julia> # Calculate the L2 distance between the two arrays
julia> L2_distance = L2dist(array1, array2)
1.7320508075688772
julia> println(“The L2 distance between the two arrays is:
“, L2_distance) The L2 distance between the two arrays is:
1.7320508075688772
sqL2dist : sqL2 is the sum of the squared differences between the
coordinates. The sqL2dist  function in StatsBase.jl  returns the square
of the L2 distance between two arrays.
# Define two arrays
julia> array1 = [1, 2, 3]
julia> array2 = [2, 3, 4]
# Calculate the square of the L2 distance between the two
arrays sq_L2_distance = sqL2dist(array1, array2)
julia> println(“The square of the L2 distance between the
two arrays is: “, sq_L2_distance) The square of the L2
distance between the two arrays is: 2.0
Linfdist : Linf  is the maximum absolute difference between the
coordinates. The Linfdist  function in StatsBase.jl  returns the L-
inﬁnity distance between two arrays. L-inﬁnity distance is also known
as the Chebyshev distance.
# Define two arrays
julia> array1 = [1, 2, 3]
julia> array2 = [2, 3, 4]
# Calculate the L-infinity distance between the two arrays
julia> L_inf_distance = Linfdist(array1, array2)
julia> println(“The L-infinity distance between the two
arrays is: “, L_inf_distance)
The L-infinity distance between the two arrays is: 1.0
msd: The msd functio n in StatsBase.jl  returns  the mean squared
deviation of two arrays. The mean squared deviation is the average of
the squared deviations of the values in an array from another array .
# Define the data set
julia> x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10]
julia> y = [4, 7, 2, 5, 9, 3]
# Calculate the mean squared deviation of the data set
julia> mean_squared_deviation = msd(x, y)
julia> println(“The mean squared deviation of the data set
is: “, mean_squared_deviation) The mean squared deviation
of the data set is: 16.833333333333332
rmsd : The rmsd  function  in StatsBase.jl  returns the square root of the
average of the squared differences between corresponding values in
two sets. The root mean squared deviation is the square root of the
mean squared deviation.
# Define the data set
julia> x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10]
julia> y = [4, 7, 2, 5, 9, 3]
# Calculate the root mean squared deviation of the data
set
julia> root_mean_squared_deviation = rmsd(x, y)
julia> println(“The root mean squared deviation of the
data set is: “,root_mean_squared_deviation)
The root mean squared deviation of the data set is:
4.102844541697057
meanad : meanad  calculates the mean absolute deviation of an array ,
which is the average of the absolute difference between each value in
both the arrays of exact same size.
# Define the data set
julia> x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10]
julia> y = [4, 7, 2, 5, 9, 3]
# Calculate the mean deviation of the data set
julia> mean_deviation = meanad(x, y)
julia> println(“The mean deviation of the data set is: “,
mean_deviation) The mean deviation of the data set is: 3.5
maxad : maxad  calculat es the maximum absolute deviation of an array ,
which is the largest absolute difference between each value in both the
arrays of exact same size.
# Define the data set
julia> x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10]
julia> y = [4, 7, 2, 5, 9, 3]
# Calculate the max deviation of the data set
julia> max_deviation = maxad(x, y)
julia> println(“The mean deviation of the data set is: “,
max_deviation)
The max deviation of the data set is: 7
gkldiv : gkldiv  calculat es the Kullback-Leibler  divergence betw een
two arrays. Kullback-Leibler  diver gence is a statistical metric that
quantiﬁes the dissimilarity betw een two probability distribution s. The
syntax for using gkldiv is as follows:
# Define the data set
julia> p = [0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 1.0]
julia> q = [0.4, 0.7, 0.2, 0.5, 0.9, 0.3]
# Calculate the root mean squared deviation of the data
set
julia> kullback_leibler_deviation = gkldiv(p, q)
julia> println(“The kullback-leibler deviation of the data
set is: “,
kullback_leibler_deviation)
The kullback-leibler deviation of the data set is:
1.0532795539705795 where p and q are the two input arrays
representing the two probability distributions.
Sampling and counting methods
Sampling and counting methods are two fundamental techniq ues used in
data analysis to gain insights into a lar ge dataset.
Sampling involves selecting a smaller , representative subset of the data for
analysis instead of using the entire dataset. This helps reduce computational
time and cost, and also allows for more efﬁcient analysis and interpretation
of the data. Sampling also helps avoid overﬁtting, where a model ﬁts too
closely to the data, making it difﬁcult to generalize results to a new dataset.
Counting methods are used to determine the frequency of occurrence of
speciﬁc values or events in a dataset. This provides insights into the
distribution of data, such as the mode, median, and range, which are useful
in understanding the central tendency and variability of the data. Counting
methods also enable analysts to identify patterns and trends in the data and
make inferences about the population based on the sample data.
Both sampling and counting methods are essential for data analysis and
provide a solid foundation for further statistical analysis and modeling.
Counting methods
counteq : The counteq()  function  in StatsBase.jl  returns the coun t of
elements that are in a speciﬁc index in both arrays of exact same size.
# Define the data set
julia> x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10]
julia> y = [4, 7, 3, 5, 9, 3]
# Count the number of elements equal to 3 in the data set
julia> count = counteq(x, y)
julia> println(“The number of elements equal to 3 in the
data set is: “, count) The number of elements equal to 3
in the data set is: 1
countne : The countne()  function  in StatsBase.jl  returns the coun t of
elements that are not equal to a speciﬁc value at a speciﬁc index in
both arrays of exact same size.
# Define the data set
julia> x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10]
julia> y = [4, 7, 3, 5, 9, 3]
# Count the number of elements not equal to 3 in the data
set
julia> count = countne(x, y)
julia> println(“The number of elements not equal to 3 in
the data set is: “, count) The number of elements not
equal to 3 in the data set is: 5
counts : The counts()  function takes an input x and returns a vector
of length length(levels)  that shows the number of times each value in x
occurs. If a range of values (levels) or an integer k is provided , only
the values within that range will be considered. If a weights vector w
is provid ed, the proportions of weights will be calculated instead of
the raw counts.
julia> x = [1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4]
julia> counts(x) # returns [1, 2, 3, 4]
4-element Vector{Int64}:
1
2
3
4
julia> w = [1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 1, 2, 1, 1, 2]
julia> counts(x, w) #addcounts!(zeros(eltype(w),
length(levels)), x, levels, w) 4×2 Matrix{Int64}:
1 0
1 1
1 2
2 2
proportions : proportions()  function calculates the propo rtion of
values in the range of levels that occur in the input x. If a weights
vector wv is provided, the proportion of weights will be calculated
instead of the raw counts.
julia> x = [1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4]
julia> proportions(x, 3) # returns [0.1, 0.2, 0.3]
3-element Vector{Float64}:
0.1
0.2
0.30000000000000004
addcounts! : addcounts!()  method adds the number of occurrences in
x of each value in levels, to an existing array r. In case a weight vector
(wv) is provided , the summation of the weights will be used instead of
the unprocessed  counts. addcounts!()  method can also be used to add
counts to a count map based on the input x. If a weighting vector wv is
speciﬁed, the sum of weights will be used instead of the raw counts.
julia> r = [0,0,0,0,0];
julia> x = [1,2,3,2,1];
julia> levels = 1:5; #levels = [1,2,3,4,5]
julia> addcounts!(r, x, levels)
5-element Vector{Int64}:
2
2
1
0
0
julia> dict = Dict{Int64,Int64}();
julia> x = [1,2,3,2,1];
julia> addcounts!(dict, x)
Dict{Int64, Int64} with 3 entries:
2 => 2
3 => 1
1 => 2
countmap : countmap()  functio n returns a dictionary mapping each
unique value in array x to its number of occurrences. In case a weight
vector (wv) is provided, the summation of the weights will be used
instead of the unprocessed counts. The method can use either radix
sort or a dictionary-based method to sort the input vector , depending
on the type of data.
julia> x = [1,2,3,2,1];
julia> countmap(x)
Dict{Int64, Int64} with 3 entries:
2 => 2
3 => 1
1 => 2
proportionmap : proportionmap()  function returns a dictiona ry
mapping each unique value in array x to its proportion in x. If a
weights vector wv is provided, the proportion of weights will be
computed instead of the raw counts.
julia> x = [1,2,3,2,1];
julia> proportionmap(x)
Dict{Int64, Float64} with 3 entries:
2 => 0.4
3 => 0.2
1 => 0.4
Sampling methods
The sample()  function in Julia’s StatsBase  library is used to select a
random sample from an array a. The sample can be either a single element,
a random array of speciﬁed size (or dimensions). The sample can also be
weighted based on the weights given in wv. The function can be used with
or without a random number generator rng. There are 4 different forms of
the samp le function, each with a different purpose. The sample!()  function
is used to draw a random sample from an array a and store it in x. It has the
same arguments as the sample function. The output array a must not share
memory with x or wv to ensure the results are correct.
julia> a = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
julia> StatsBase.sample(a)
5
julia> StatsBase.sample(a, 2)
2-element Vector{Int64}:
5
4
julia> x = zeros(Int64, 2);
julia> StatsBase.sample!(a, x)
2-element Vector{Int64}:
5
1
Relationship between various features in the
dataset during data analysis
Generalized variance, correlation, and covariance are important measures in
statistical data analysis becaus e they help to quantify the relationship
between two or more variables.
Variance  measures the amount of variation or dispersion in a set of
data. By understanding the variance, we can determine whether a set
of data is spread out or concentrated.
Corr elation  quantiﬁes both the magnitude and direction of the linear
association between two variabl es. It helps us to determine if a change
in one variable is associated with a change in another variable and the
extent to which this occurs.
Covariance  measures the joint variability of two random variables. It
indicates how two variables are related to each other , but does not
provide information about the direction of the relationship.
These measures are important  in statistical data analysis because they
provide a basis for making inferences and predictions about the relationship
between variables, and they can be used to test hypotheses  and make
decisions (data transformations) based on data.
Generalized variance and total variance are measures of the spread of a set
of data. By computing the determinant of the covariance matrix of X, the
genvar()  function from StatsBase  library determines the gener alized
sample variance of matrix X. By summing the diagonal elements of the
covariance matrix of X, the totalvar()  function determines the total
sample variance of X.
julia> X = [1 2; 3 4]
2×2 Matrix{Int64}:
1 2
3 4
julia> println(“Generalized Variance: “, genvar(X))
Generalized Variance: 0.0
julia> println(“Total Variance: “, totalvar(X))
Total Variance: 4.0
Assuming X is a matrix of numeric data, the genvar()  function accepts it as
input and return s its generalized sample variance. When X is a vector or a
one-column matrix, the function computes the same result as the sample
variance. If X is a matrix, the function returns the determinant of the
covariance matrix of X.
Assuming X is a matrix of numeric data, the totalvar()  function takes it
as input and returns its total sample variance. When X is a vector or a one-
column matrix, the function computes the sample variance. However , when
X is a matrix, the function calculates the sum of the diagonal elements of its
covariance matrix.
Partial correlation:  is a statistical measure that describes the linear
relationship betw een two variables while controlling for the effects of
one or more other variables (Z). It is used to evaluate the relationship
between two variables while controlling the inﬂuence of other
variables. The partialcor()  functio n in the StatsBase  library
calculates the partial correlation between the vectors x and y given Z.
julia> x = [1, 2, 3, 4]
4-element Vector{Int64}:
1
2
3
4
julia> y = [2, 4, 6, 8]
4-element Vector{Int64}:
2
4
6
8
julia> Z = [3, 6, 9, 12]
4-element Vector{Int64}:
3
6
9
12
julia> println(“Partial Correlation: “, partialcor(x, y,
Z))
Partial Correlation: NaN
In these examples, x, y, and Z are arrays of numerical data. In the
partialcor()  function, x and y are the two variables whose relationship is
being evaluated, and Z is the set of control variables. The function returns
the partial correlation between x and y after controlling for the ef fects of Z.
Autocorrelation and autocovariance are two related concepts in statistics
that describe the degree of linear association between value s of a time
series.
Autocorrelation measures the linear relationship between a variable and its
lagged values over time. A positive autocorrelation indicates that values
tend to be similar to their lagged values, while a negative autocorrelation
indicates that values tend to be dissimilar to their lagged values.
Autocovariance, on the other hand, is a measure of the linear relationship
between two lagged values of a variable, without normalizing for the scale
of the variable. Like autocorre lation, autocovariance can be positive or
negative, indicat ing a tendency for values to be similar or dissimilar to their
lagged values.
autocov()  and autocor()  functi ons in StatsBase  comp ute the
autocovariance and autocorrelation, respectively , of a vector or matrix x.
The autocov()  function calculates the unnormalized autocovariance, while
the autocor()  functio n calculates the normalized autocorrelation. The
autocov()  and autocor()  functions can optionally accept the lags
argument to specify the lag values for calculating autocovariance or
autocorrelation. Additionally , the demean argument can be used to
determine wheth er the mean of x should be subtracted before computing the
values. On the other hand, the autocov!()  and autocor!()  functio ns are
analogous to autocov()  and autocor() , but the results are stored in the
provided matrix or vector , r.
julia> # Example data
x = [1,2,3,4,5]
5-element Vector{Int64}:
1
2
3
4
5
julia> # Compute autocovariance
lags = [0,1,2]
3-element Vector{Int64}:
0
1
2
julia> acov = autocov(x, lags)
3-element Vector{Float64}:
2.0
0.8
-0.2
julia> # Compute autocorrelation
acor = autocor(x, lags)
3-element Vector{Float64}:
1.0
0.4
-0.1
julia> # Compute autocovariance in-place
r = zeros(length(lags))
3-element Vector{Float64}:
0.0
0.0
0.0
julia> autocov!(r, x, lags)
3-element Vector{Float64}:
2.0
0.8
-0.2
julia> # Compute autocorrelation in-place
acor_inplace = zeros(length(lags)) 3-element Vector{Float64}:
0.0
0.0
0.0
julia> autocor!(acor_inplace, x, lags)
3-element Vector{Float64}:
1.0
0.4
-0.1
In this example , x is a vector of numbers. The autocov()  and autocor()
functions are used to compute the autocovariance and autocorrel ation of x at
the speciﬁed lags. The autocov!()  and autocor!()  functions do the same
computation, but store the results in-place in the speciﬁed r and
acor_inplace  arrays, respectively . Note that the output of the
autocovariance functions is not normalized, while the autocorrelation
functions normalize the output so that the lag 0 autocorrelation is 1.
Cross-correlation measures the degree of linear similarity between two
variables as a function of the time lag between them. Speciﬁ cally , cross-
correlation measures the correlation between two variables, x and y, as a
function of the lag, k, between them. A positive cross-correlati on indicates
that the two variables tend to be similar , while a negative cross-correlation
indicates that they tend to be dissimilar . Cross-correlation is often used in
signal processing and image recognition to compare two signals or images.
Cross-covariance, on the other hand, is a measure of the linear relationship
between two variables over time, without normalizing the scale of the
variables. It is the covariance between two variables, x and y, as a function
of the lag, k, between them. Like cross-correlation, cross-covari ance can be
positive or negative, indicating  a tendency for the two variables to be
similar or dissimilar . Cross-cov ariance is often used in econometrics and
ﬁnance to measure the relationship between two ﬁnancial assets.
The StatsBase.crosscor  function computes the cross correlation between
two real-valued  vectors or matrices, x and y. It has the same optional
argument lags and boolean ar gument demean as the crosscov  function.
Here’ s an example usage of these functions:
julia> using StatsBase
julia> x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
5-element Vector{Int64}:
1
2
3
4
5
julia> y = [2, 3, 4, 5, 6]
5-element Vector{Int64}:
2
3
4
5
6
julia> lags = [-2, -1, 0, 1, 2]
5-element Vector{Int64}:
-2
-1
0
1
2
julia> # Compute cross covariance
ccf = StatsBase.crosscov(x, y, lags)
5-element Vector{Float64}:
-0.2
0.8
2.0
0.8
-0.2
julia> # Compute cross correlation
cc = StatsBase.crosscor(x, y, lags)
5-element Vector{Float64}:
-0.1
0.4
1.0
0.4
-0.1
julia> # Compute cross covariance and store result in pre-
allocated vector
r = similar(lags)
5-element Vector{Int64}:
140643155552448
140643370844656
140643370850096
140643370849904
0
julia> x = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
5-element Vector{Int64}:
1
2
3
4
5
julia> y = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]
5-element Vector{Int64}:
5
4
3
2
1
julia> lags = [-2, -1, 0, 1, 2]
5-element Vector{Int64}:
-2
-1
0
1
2
julia> crosscor(x, y, lags)
5-element Vector{Float64}:
0.1
-0.4
-1.0
-0.4
0.1
Miscellaneous statistical functions that aid in data
analysis
The StatsBase  module in Julia is a library for basic statistical analysis. It
contains several  functions for working with vectors and matrices. Here are a
few of the functions, with code examples:
rle(v):  StatsBase.rle()  is a function, which returns the run-length
encoding of a given vector as a tuple. The run-length encoding is a
way of represen ting a sequence where repeated elements are replaced
with a single element and the count of occurrences of that element.
julia> rle([1,1,1,2,2,3,3,3,3,2,2,2])
([1, 2, 3, 2], [3, 2, 4, 3])
The above example inputs a vector [1,1,1,2,2,3,3,3,3,2,2,2] and returns
the run-length encoding of it as a tuple. The ﬁrst element of the tuple
is [1, 2, 3, 2] which contains the unique elements in the original  vector
and the second element of the tuple is [3, 2, 4, 3] which is the count of
occurrences of each unique element.
inverse_rle(vals, lens):  StatsBase.inverse_rle()  is a function
which takes a run-length encoding and returns the original vector . The
input to this function are two vectors: vals which is the array of unique
elements of the original vector and lens which is the count of
occurrences of each unique element.
julia> vals = [1, 2, 3, 2]
4-element Vector{Int64}:
1
2
3
2
julia> lens = [3, 2, 4, 3]
4-element Vector{Int64}:
3
2
4
3
julia> inverse_rle(vals, lens)
12-element Vector{Int64}:
levelsmap(a) : StatsBase.levelsmap()  is a function which returns a
dictionary that maps each of the unique values in a given vector a to a
number between 1 and the total number of unique values.
julia> levelsmap([1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 4])
Dict{Int64, Int64} with 4 entries:
4 => 4
2 => 2
3 => 3
1 => 1
indexmap(a) : StatsBase.indexmap()  is a function which returns a
dictionary that maps each uniqu e value in a given vector a to the index
of its ﬁrst occurrence in the vector .
julia> indexmap([1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 4])
Dict{Int64, Int64} with 4 entries:
4 => 7
2 => 2
3 => 4
1 => 1
indicatormat(x, k::Integer; sparse=false) :
StatsBase.indicatormat()  is a function which constructs a boolean
matrix from a given vector x. The function returns a matrix I of size k
* length(x)  such that I[x[i], i] = true and all other elements are set to
false . The input to the function x is the vector to be converted to a
boolean matrix, k is the number of unique values in the vector x. The
function also has an optional argument “sparse”, which when set to
“true”, returns a sparse matrix instead of a dense matrix. If the “c”
argument is not provided, it defaults to a sorted unique version of x.
julia> indicatormat([1, 2, 2], 2)
2×3 Matrix{Bool}:
1 0 0
0 1 1
In this example , the vector [1, 2, 2] is passed as the input x and the
number of unique values k is set to 2. The resulting boolean matrix I is
2x3 in size, with I[1, 1] set to true, I[2, 2] and I[2, 3] set to true, and
all other elements set to false .
midpoints(v) : StatsBase.midpoints()  is a function that calculates
the midpoints (pairwise mean of consecutive elements) of a vector v.
julia> v = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
5-element Vector{Int64}:
1
2
3
4
5
julia> midpoints(v)
4-element Vector{Float64}:
1.5
2.5
3.5
4.5
The pairwise()  function and its in-place version pairwise!()  are
functions in the StatsAPI  library in Julia programming language. They are
used to apply a given function f to all possible pairs of elements in two
inputs x and y. If y is not provided, x is cross ed with itself to return a square
matrix.
The result of applying f is store d in a matrix, where the rows correspond to
entries in x and columns correspond to entries in y. In the case of pairwise!
(), the result is stored in an existing matrix dest, and the function returns
dest.
julia> x = [1 3 7
2 5 6
3 8 4
4 6 2];
julia> pairwise(cor, eachcol(x))
3×3 Matrix{Float64}:
1.0 0.744208 -0.989778
0.744208 1.0 -0.68605
-0.989778 -0.68605 1.0
julia> y = [1 3 missing
2 5 6
3 missing 2
4 6 2];
julia> pairwise(cor, eachcol(y), skipmissing=:pairwise)
3×3 Matrix{Float64}:
1.0 0.928571 -0.866025
0.928571 1.0 -1.0
-0.866025 -1.0 1.0
julia> dest = zeros(3, 3);
julia> pairwise!(cor, dest, eachcol(x));
julia> dest
3×3 Matrix{Float64}:
1.0 0.744208 -0.989778
0.744208 1.0 -0.68605
-0.989778 -0.68605 1.0
julia> pairwise!(cor, dest, eachcol(y),
skipmissing=:pairwise);
julia> dest
3×3 Matrix{Float64}:
1.0 0.928571 -0.866025
0.928571 1.0 -1.0
-0.866025 -1.0 1.0
Observational estimation in data analysis
Observational estimation is a statistical method used in data analysis that
involves the collection and analy sis of data from observations that are made
in the real world . This method involves observing a particular phenomenon
or event and collecting data on various variables associated with it. The data
can be either quantitative or qualitative and may be collected through
surveys, interviews, or other methods of observation.
Observational estimation is particularly useful in situations where it is not
possible or ethical to conduct a randomized controlled trial, as in the case of
medical studies where it may not be feasible to conduct a trial with a
placebo group. Instead, observa tional studies can be used to compare the
effects of different treatm ents on a group  of patients or to compare the
effects of exposure to certain environmental factors on a population.
In observational estimation, statistical techniques are used to estimate the
relationship betw een different variables and to determine wheth er there is a
cause-and-ef fect relationship between them. One of the key challenges in
observational estimation is to control for potential confounding variables,
which are factors that may inﬂuence the relationship between the variables
being studied. For example, in a study looking at the effect of a particular
drug on a medical condition, other factors such as age, gender , and
underlying health conditions may need to be controlled to accurately
estimate the ef fect of the drug.
The StatsBase.Histogram  is a type in Julia that represen ts data that has
been tabulated into bins along the real line or over a real space in higher
dimensions. You can ﬁt a histogram to your data using the ﬁt method, which
can be called as follows:
fit(Histogram, data, [weight], [edges]; closed=:left, nbins)
The ar guments are:
data:  either a vector (for a one-dimensional histogram) or a tuple of
vectors of equal length (for an n-dimensional histogram).
weight (optiona l): an AbstractWeights  object of the same length as
the data vectors, indicating the weight each observation contributes to
the bin. If not provided, each observation has weight 1.
edges (optional):  a vector or a tuple of vectors that give the edges of
the bins along each dimension. If not provided, the edges will be
determined from the data.
The keyword ar guments are:
closed:  if set to :left (default), the bin intervals are left-closed [a,b); if
set to :right , intervals are right-closed (a,b].
nbins (optional ): when the edges  argument is not speciﬁed, this value
corresponds to the approximate number of bins to be utilized along
each dimension. It can be expressed as a single integer or a tuple of
integers.
You can also merge histograms using Base.merge!()  and Base.merge() .
These functions allow you to update a target histogram by merging it with
one or more other histograms, or construct a new histogram by merging
histograms. All histograms must have the same binning, shape of weights,
and properties ( closed  and isdensity ).
julia> using StatsBase
julia> # Univariate
h = fit(Histogram, rand(100))
Histogram{Int64, 1, Tuple{StepRangeLen{Float64,
Base.TwicePrecision{Float64}, Base.TwicePrecision{Float64},
Int64}}}
edges:
0.0:0.2:1.0
weights: [18, 15, 25, 21, 21]
closed: left
isdensity: false
julia> h = fit(Histogram, rand(100), 0:0.1:1.0)
Histogram{Int64, 1, Tuple{StepRangeLen{Float64,
Base.TwicePrecision{Float64}, Base.TwicePrecision{Float64},
Int64}}}
edges:
0.0:0.1:1.0
weights: [8, 8, 11, 4, 8, 14, 13, 18, 8, 8]
closed: left
isdensity: false
julia> h = fit(Histogram, rand(100), nbins=10)
Histogram{Int64, 1, Tuple{StepRangeLen{Float64,
Base.TwicePrecision{Float64}, Base.TwicePrecision{Float64},
Int64}}}
edges:
0.0:0.1:1.0
weights: [9, 7, 11, 8, 9, 12, 13, 7, 11, 13]
closed: left
isdensity: false
julia> h = fit(Histogram, rand(100), weights(rand(100)),
0:0.1:1.0)
Histogram{Float64, 1, Tuple{StepRangeLen{Float64,
Base.TwicePrecision{Float64}, Base.TwicePrecision{Float64},
Int64}}}
edges:
0.0:0.1:1.0
weights: [9.03362694785457, 6.5630746683585155,
6.708583302844759, 1.8780191525470449, 5.176468819705679,
4.690381340041942, 2.4322472127857426, 7.8143366878106555,
3.857428925388602, 8.321820464999115]
closed: left
isdensity: false
julia> h = fit(Histogram, [20], 0:20:100)
Histogram{Int64, 1, Tuple{StepRange{Int64, Int64}}}
edges:
0:20:100
weights: [0, 1, 0, 0, 0]
closed: left
isdensity: false
julia> h = fit(Histogram, [20], 0:20:100, closed=:right)
Histogram{Int64, 1, Tuple{StepRange{Int64, Int64}}}
edges:
0:20:100
weights: [1, 0, 0, 0, 0]
closed: right
isdensity: false
julia> # Multivariate
h = fit(Histogram, (rand(100),rand(100)))
Histogram{Int64, 2, Tuple{StepRangeLen{Float64,
Base.TwicePrecision{Float64}, Base.TwicePrecision{Float64},
Int64}, StepRangeLen{Float64, Base.TwicePrecision{Float64},
Base.TwicePrecision{Float64}, Int64}}}
edges:
0.0:0.2:1.0
0.0:0.2:1.0
weights: [4 6 … 4 3; 1 3 … 3 4; … ; 4 3 … 6 5; 6 4 … 3 4]
closed: left
isdensity: false
julia> h = fit(Histogram, (rand(100),rand(100)),nbins=10)
Histogram{Int64, 2, Tuple{StepRangeLen{Float64,
Base.TwicePrecision{Float64}, Base.TwicePrecision{Float64},
Int64}, StepRangeLen{Float64, Base.TwicePrecision{Float64},
Base.TwicePrecision{Float64}, Int64}}}
edges:
0.0:0.1:1.0
0.0:0.1:1.0
weights: [0 2 … 2 0; 1 0 … 0 0; … ; 2 0 … 0 1; 2 0 … 0 0]
closed: left
isdensity: false
Conclusion
The study of statistics in Julia provides a comprehensive understanding of
the various aspects of data analysis. The purpose of descriptive  statistics is
to summarize and describe the characteristics of a dataset in a meaningful
way. The measures discussed include central tendency , dispersion, and
distribution shape. Outlier detection and treatment is a crucial step in
ensuring the accuracy of the results. Distance methods provid e a way to
determine the similarity or difference between two or more observations.
Counts and sampling play a vital role in determining the size and
representativeness of the sample. The relationship between various features
in a dataset can be evaluated using correlation and covariance.
Miscellaneous statistical functions such as hypothesis testing,  probability
distributions, and regression analysis further aid in data analysis. Finally ,
empirical estima tion provides a way to make predictions or generalizations
about a populat ion based on a sample. Julia has a comprehe nsive set of
functions to perform these tasks. In conclusion, Julia provides a
comprehensive set of tools for statistical data analysis, and it is a great tool
for resea rchers and data scientists to use. All these topics covered in the
study of statisti cs in Julia are essential for a complete and thorough data
analysis.
In Julia, there are many functions that support the analysis of different types
of distributions, including univariate distributions, censored distributions,
multivariate distributions, matrix variate distributions, and even correlation
and maximum likelihood estimation. We will learn about the various
distributions in next chapters and learn to use the respective functions in the
data analysis process in the next chapter .
Questions
1. What is the purpose of descriptive statistics in Julia and why is it
important in data analysis?
2. Can you provide an overview of the main descriptive statistics
measures in Julia and their uses?
3. How does one detect and treat outliers in data analysis using Julia?
4. Can you explain  the concept of distance methods and their role in data
analysis in Julia?
5. What is the relationship between  counts and sampling in data analysis
using Julia?
6. Can you discuss how the relationship between various features in a
dataset is evaluated during data analysis in Julia?
7. What are the miscellaneous statistical functions available in Julia that
aid in data analysis?
8. Can you explain the concept of observational estimation and its
importance in data analysis in Julia?
CHAPTER  7
Probability Data Distributions
The ﬁeld of statistics encompa sses a wide range of techniq ues and tools for
analyzing data. One important aspect of statistical analysis is the study of
probability distributions, which provides a mathematical framework for
understanding the behavior of random variables. In this chapter , we will explore
some common functions in distributions and their implementation in Julia.
We will begin by discussing univariate distributions, which describe the behavior
of a single rando m variable. We will then delve into censored distributions, which
arise when some observations are truncated or otherwise incomplete. Moving on,
we will explore multivariate distributions, which describe the joint behavior of
multiple random  variables. We will also look at matrix-variate distributions,
which are used to model multivariate data that have a matrix structure.
Overall, this chapter provides a comprehensive overview of some important
concepts in probability distributions and their implementation in Julia,
highlighting the language’ s ﬂexibility and efﬁciency for statistical analysis.
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered:
Introduction to probability
Introduction to probability package in Julia
Introducing the distributions’  package
Common functions in distributions
Univariate probability distributions
Censored probability distributions
Truncated probability distributions
Multivariate probability distributions
Matrix-variate probability distributions
Mixture models in distributions
Mixture models and convolutions in Distributions.jl
Fitting a probability distribution
Introduction to probability
Probability is a branch of mathe matics that deals with the study  of random events
or processes and the likelihoo d of their occurrence. It is concerned with the
analysis and quantiﬁcation of uncertainty and risk in variou s areas of study ,
including ﬁnance, statistics, physics, engineering, and more.
At its core, probability involves  the assignment of numerical values to events or
outcomes to quantify their likelihood or chance of occurrence. These numerical
values, called probabilities, range from 0 to 1, with 0 indicating an impossible
event and 1 indicating a certain event. Probabilities between 0 and 1 indicate
varying degrees of likelihood, with values closer to 0 indicating lower probability
and values closer to 1 indicating higher probability .
Probabilities can be calculated using a variety of techniques, including counting
methods, empiri cal observation , and mathematical modeling. Probability theory
provides a framework for unde rstanding and analyzing the behavior of random
events and processes and has numerous applications in ﬁelds, such as ﬁnance, risk
management, data analysis, and scientiﬁc research.
In practice, probability is used to make informed decisions based  on incomplete or
uncertain information. For example, in ﬁnance, the probability is used to
determine the risk and return associated with investment decisions. In healthcare,
probability is used to assess the likelihood of disease outbreaks and the
effectiveness of treatments. In engineering, probability is used to design and test
products and systems for reliability and safety .
Conditional probability , Joint probability , and Bayes’  theorem are essential
concepts in probability theory and have numerous applications in various ﬁelds.
Conditional Probability : Condit ional probability is the probability of an event
happening, given that another event has already occurred. In other words, it is the
probability of one event happening, given that we know another event has
occurred. It is denoted as P(A|B), which means the probability of A given B. The
formula for conditional probability is:
P(A|B) = P(A ∩  B) / P(B)
Where P(A  ∩  B) represents the probability of the intersection of events A and B.
Joint Probability : Joint probability is the proba bility of two or more events
occurring simultaneously . It is denoted as P(A ∩  B), which means the probability
of A and B occurring at the same time. The formula for joint probability is:
P(A ∩ B) = P(A|B) x P(B) = P(B|A) x P(A)
Where P(A|B) and P(B|A) are conditional probabilities.
Bayes’  Theor em: Bayes’  theorem is a fundamen tal concept in probability theory
that provides a way to revise or update the probability of an event happening
based on new information. It allows us to calculate the conditional probability of
an event, given some observed evidence. The formula for Bayes’  theorem is:
P(A|B) = P(B|A) x P(A) / P(B)
Where P(A) and P(B) are the probabilities of events A and B, respectively . P(B|A)
is the conditional probability of B given A, and P(A|B) is the conditional
probability of A given B.
Bayes’  theorem has many applications in ﬁelds such as mach ine learning, data
science, medical diagnosis, and more. For example, in machine learning, it is used
to calculate the probability of a hypothesis given some observed data, which is a
fundamental step in Bayesian inference. In medical diagnosis, Bayes’  theorem is
used to calculate the probability of a disease given some observed symptoms.
Introducing probability package in Julia
Probability refers to the measure of the likelihood or chance of an event
occurring. It is a numerical value between 0 and 1, where 0 indicates that the
event is imposs ible and 1 indicates that the event is certain. Probability can be
used to describe the likelihood of outcomes of a single event or multiple events.
On the other hand, a probability distribution is a function that describes the
likelihood of different outcomes in a random process. It assigns probabilities to
different outcom es or events and can be used to calculate the probability of an
event occurring. Probability distributions can be discrete or continuous, depending
on the type of random variable they describe.
For example, ﬂipping a fair coin has a probability of 0.5 of getting heads or tails.
This is an examp le of probability . However , if we ﬂip the coin multiple times and
count the numb er of heads, we can describe the probability distribution of the
number of heads. In this case, the probability distribution would be a binomial
distribution, which describes the likelihood of getting a certain number of
successes in a ﬁxed number of trials.
The Distributions.jl package is a Julia package for working with probability
distributions. It is part of Julia’ s extensive ecosystem of packages for scientiﬁc
computing and data analysis. It provides a comprehensive set of tools for working
with both common and uncommon probability distributions, including functions
for probability density functions (PDFs), cumulative distribution functions
(CDFs), quantile functions, and random number generation.
The package provides an extensive list of univariate probability distributions,
including both continuous and discrete distributions, such as the normal
distribution, the binomial distribution, the Poisson distribution, the gamma
distribution, the t-distribution, the beta distribution, and many more. Each
distribution is represented as a Julia type, with methods for all the standard
distribution functions.
One of the key features of the Distributions.jl package is its ability to handle
parameterized distributions. In many cases, probability distributions are
parameterized by one or more parameters, such as the mean and standard
deviation for the normal distribution. The Distributions.jl package provides a
convenient way to create and manipulate parameterized distributions and includes
functions for ﬁtting distributions to data using maximum likelihood estimation.
In addition to the probability distribution functions, the Distributions.jl package
provides a range of statistical functions and methods for working with probability
distributions. For example, it provides functions for calculating moments,
quantiles, and entropy of a distribution. It also provides methods for generating
random numbers from a distribution, computing the probability density function,
cumulative distribution function, and survival function.
In addition to working with probability distributions, the Distributions.jl package
also provides tools for working with multivariate distributio ns, including the
multivariate normal distribution and the Wishart distribution. These tools make it
easy to perform calculations involving multiple random variables.
The Distributions.jl package is easy to use and integrates well with other packages
in the Julia ecosystem, such as the StatsBase.jl package for statistical analysis, and
the Plots.jl package for data visualization. It also provides support for automatic
differentiation using the ForwardDif f.jl package, making it easy to perform
gradient-based optimization on probability distributions.
The Distribution s.jl package is a powerful and ﬂexible tool for working with
probability distributions in Julia and is well-suited for both simulation and
statistical analys is. It also provides a wide range of functionality and integration
with other Julia packages.
Introducing the Distributions.jl package
To start using the package, you need to install it through the Julia package system
by running:
Pkg.add(“Distributions”)
Once installed, you can easily create and work with various probability
distributions. For example, to create a standard normal distribution, you can use
the Normal function with no ar guments.
The ﬁrst step is to set up the environment and set the seed. The standard-normal
distribution object is created, and samples are obtained using rand. Object `d`
represents a probability distribution, and we can query its properties, such as the
mean. We can also draw sampl es from d with rand. You can also query various
properties of a distribution such as its mean and obtain probability density ,
cumulative distribution, and quantile functions ( Figur e 7.1 ).

Figure 7.1:  Using a Normal() distribution along with statistical functions
Common functions in distributions
Distributions.jl provides a variety of common interfacing functions to create,
manipulate, and operate on probability distributions. These interfacing functions
are used to work with and manipulate probability distributions in a ﬂexible and
modular way. They allow users to calculate the statistical properties of
distributions, evaluate the probability density and cumul ative distribution
functions, and draw random samples from distributions.
Type hierarchy
The Distributions.jl package in Julia provides a hierarchy of types that allows for
generating samp les from various types of probability distributions. This hierarchy
is organized around the abstract type Sampleable, which subsumes any type of
object from which one can draw samples, including both samplers and
distributions.
The Sampleable  type has two type parameters that deﬁne the kind of samples that
can be drawn therefrom. These parameters are F<:V ariateForm , which speciﬁes
the form of the samples (e.g., univariate or multivariate), and S<:V alueSupport,
which speciﬁes whether the samples take countably or uncountably many values
(i.e., discrete or continuous).
The VariateForm  parameter has subtypes that deﬁne the form of the samples.
There are three types: Univariate, Multivariate, and Matrixvariate. The
ValueSupport parameter has two subtypes: Discrete and Continuous.
For example, a discrete univariate distribution can be deﬁned as
Distribution{Univariate, Discre te}, while a continuous multivariate distribution
can be deﬁned as Distribution{Multivariate, Continuous}. These types are
subtypes of the Distribution abstract type, which is a subtype of Sampleable.
The basic functionalities that a sampleable object provides are to retrieve
information about the samples it generates and to draw samples . For example, the
rand method can be used to draw samples from a sampleable object. The type of
the samples returned by rand is determined by the eltype()  method, which
returns the default element type of a sample.
In addition to the basic functionalities, distributions typically come with
additional methods to compute properties, such as the probability density function
(PDF), cumulative distribution function (CDF), and quantiles.
To simplify the use of distrib utions in practice, the Distributions.jl package
provides a series of type aliases, such as
UnivariateDistribution{S<:ValueSupport}  and
ContinuousDistribution{F<:VariateForm} , which are more convenient to use
than the full Distribution{F,S}  type.
Here’ s an example code snippet (Figur e 7.2) that demonstrates how to draw
samples from a normal distribution:
Figure 7.2:  Using the Sampleable type for declaring Normal distribution and evaluating pr obability density
function
Parameter retrieval
We will learn about the methods available in the StatsAPI and Distributions
packages for retrieving distribution parameters and related information. These
methods are available for univa riate distributions, which are distributions with a
single random variable.
The params method is deﬁned for all univariate distributions, and it returns a tuple
of parameters that deﬁne the distribution. Given a distribution d of type D, the
expression D(params(d)…)  will create a new instance of the same distribution as
d.
The scale, location, shape, rate, ncategories, and ntrials methods are deﬁned for
speciﬁc distribu tions, and they return the corresponding param eter value for that
distribution. For example, the scale method is deﬁned for the Gamma,
InverseGamma, and Weibull distributions, while the ncategories method is deﬁned
for the Categorical distribution ( Figur e 7.3 ).
Figure 7.3:  Extracting all the parameters of the distribution
For distributions where success  and failure have a meaning, the succprob and
failprob method s are deﬁned for retrieving the probability of success and failure,
respectively . These methods are deﬁned for discrete univariate distributions, such
as the Binomial and NegativeBinomial distributions ( Figur e 7.4 ).
Figure 7.4:  Checking the success and failing pr obability of the distribution
Sampling
The rand(rng::AbstractRNG, d::UnivariateDistribution)  method generates
a scalar sample from the speciﬁed univariate distribution d. The method uses the
random number  generator rng to produce the random numbers. The default
behavior is to use the quantile function of the distribution to generate the sample.
using Random, Distributions
# create a normal distribution with mean=0 and std=1
julia> d = Normal()
# create an array of zeros to store the samples
julia> samples = zeros(100)
# sample 100 values from the normal distribution and store them in
the samples array
julia> rng = MersenneTwister(1234)
julia> rand!(rng, d, samples)
julia> println(“Sampled values: $samples”)
Computation of statistics
There are various functions and methods for computing different statistics of
probability distributions in the Julia programming language:
Base.maximum, Base.minimum,  Base.extrema : These functions return the
maximum, minimum, and minimum and maximum values of the support of
the distribution, respectively ( Figur e 7.5 ). For example:
Figure 7.5:  Finding the maximum, minimum, and extr emum values in a Uniform Distribution
Statistics.mean, Statistics.var, Statistics.std,
Statistics.median : These functions compute the mean, variance, standard
deviation, and median of a univariate distribution, respectively (Figur e 7.6).
For example:
Figure 7.6:  Finding the mean, variance, standar d deviation, and median values of Normal
Distribution
StatsBase.modes, StatsBase. mode : These function s compute the modes
(local maxima) of a univariate distribution. StatsBase.modes  returns all the
modes, while StatsBase.mode  returns only the ﬁrst mode (Figur e 7.7). For
example:
Figure 7.7:  Evaluating mode and modes of a Beta distribution
StatsBase.skewness, StatsBase .kurtosis: These functions compute the
skewness and excess kurtosis of a univariate distribution, respectively
(Figur e 7.8 ). For example:
Figure 7.8:  Evaluating skewness and kurtosis of exponential distribution
StatsBase.entropy: This function computes the entropy of a univariate
distribution. The second version of the function allows you to specify a base
for the logarithm.
Distributions.mgf , Distributions.cgf , Distributions.cf : These
functions evalu ate the moment-generating function, cumulan t-generating
function, and characteristic function of a univariate distribution, respectively
(Figur e 7.9 ). For example:
Figure 7.9:  Evaluating entr opy and moments of normal distribution
Estimating probability
Probability evaluation is an important part of working with probability
distributions. Here are some code samples that explain commonly used functions
for probability evaluation:
insupport()  is a method that checks whether a given scalar or array is within the
support of a given univariate distribution. It returns true if the input is within the
support and false otherwise. Distributions.pdf is a method that evaluates the
probability density (mass) of a given univariate distribution at a given point x. It
returns a scalar value that represents the probability density at the given point.
Distributions.logpdf is a metho d that evaluates the logarithm of the probability
density (mass) of a given univa riate distribution at a given point x. It returns a
scalar value that represents the logarithm of the probability density at the given
point. Here is an example of using this method:
Figure 7.10:  Evaluating insupport, pdf, logpdf, of normal distribution
These functions (Figur e 7.10) are commonly used in probabi lity calculations, and
understanding their usage is important for working with probability distributions
in Julia.
The Distributions.jl package provides various probability distributions and related
functions for the Julia programming language. Among these functions, we have:
cdf(d::UnivariateDistribution, x::Real) : This function computes the
cumulative distribution function (CDF) of the given univariate probability
distribution d at point x. The CDF is deﬁned as the probability of observing
a value less than or equal to x in the distribution. For example, if d is a
standard normal distribution, cdf(d, 0.0) returns the probability of observing
a value less than or equal to 0.0 in the distribution.
logcdf(d::UnivariateDistribution, x::Real) : This function computes
the natural logarithm of the CDF of the given univariate probability
distribution d at the point x. This function can be more numer ically stable
than cdf for small probabilities ( Figur e 7.11).
Figure 7.1 1: Evaluating cdf, logcdf of normal distribution
quantile(d::UnivariateDistribution, q::Real) : This function
computes the inverse cumulative distribution function (also known as the
quantile functio n) of the given univariate probability distribut ion d at the
probability level  q. The quantile  function gives the value x such that cdf(d,
x) = q .
cquantile(d::UnivariateDistribution, q::Real) : This function
computes the complementary quantile value of the given univariate
probability distribution d at the probability level q. The complementary
quantile is deﬁned as quantile(d, 1-q).
invlogcdf(d::UnivariateDistribution, lp::Real) : This function
computes the inverse function of logcdf for the given univariate probability
distribution d at the natural logarithm of the probability level lp (Figur e
7.12).
Figure 7.12:  Evaluating quantile, cquantile, inverse log cdf of normal distribution
Dimension inspection
Length, size, and eltype are methods used in Julia to query the properties of a
multivariate distribution and its samples.
The length(d::MultivariateDistribution)  -> Int method returns the
sample dimension of the speciﬁed multivariate distribution d. The sample
dimension is the number of dimensions in the distribution’ s support.
The size(d::MultivariateDistribution)  metho d returns a tuple
representing the sample size of the speciﬁed multivariate distribution d. The
sample size is a tuple with a single element, which is the sampl e dimension
returned by length(d).
The eltype(::Type{Sampleable})  method  returns the default elem ent type
of sample. This is the type of elements of the samples generated by the rand
method. However , one can provide an array of different element types to
store the samples using rand!.
The reshape function can be used to reshape an array variate distributions to
a different shape. It takes a distribution d and new dimensions as either an
Int or Dims object and returns a new distribution object of the reshaped
array variate. The default implem entation returns a ReshapedDistribution ,
but for speciﬁc types of distributions and dimensions, more optimized
distributions may be returned.
The vec function reshapes the array variate to a 1D distribution with a
length equal to the number of elements in the original array variate. The
default implementation also returns a ReshapedDistribution, but like with
reshape, more optimized distributions may be returned for speciﬁc types of
distributions and dimensions.
Univariate probability distribution
Distributions.jl is a Julia package for working with probability distributions,
including both univariate and multivariate distributions. In this response, we will
focus on the univariate distributions available in Distributions.jl.
A univariate distribution is a probability distribution that describes the behavior of
a single random variable. In Distributions.jl, there are many univariate
distributions available, including the normal (Gaussian), t, chi-square, F, beta,
gamma, Poisson, binomial, and many more.
Each univariate distribution in Distributions.jl is implemented as a type that
deﬁnes its parameters and methods. For example, the normal distribution is
implemented as Normal and takes two arguments: the mean and standard
deviation. The following code deﬁnes a normal distribution with a mean of 0.0
and a standard deviation of 1.0:
Figure 7.13:  Normal univariate distribution
Once a distribut ion is deﬁned, it is possible to perform various operations with it,
such as sampling from the distri bution, evaluating the probabilit y density function
(PDF), and calculating moments . For example, the following code generates 1000
samples from the normal distribution deﬁned above and calculates the sample
mean and variance:
julia> samples = rand(normal, 1000)
julia> sample_mean = mean(samples)
julia> sample_var = var(samples)
Figure 7.14:  Mean and variance of samples of normal distribution
Distributions.jl also provides functions for computing the PDF and cumulative
distribution function (CDF) of univariate distributions. For example, the following
code computes the PDF of the normal distribution deﬁned above at the point x =
1.0:
Figure 7.15:  Finding the pdf of univariate normal distribution
Distributions.jl provides a comprehensive collection of univariate distributions
that can be used for a wide range of statistical and probabilistic applications. Its
easy-to-use interface and efﬁci ent implementation make it a powerful tool for
working with probability distributions in Julia.
Censored probability distribution
Distributions.jl is a popular Julia package for probability distributions, and it
includes a variety of different types of distributions that can be used for statistical
analysis and simulation. One important feature of distributions is that they can be
censored, meaning that the values are restricted to a certain range. The
Distributions.jl  package includes support for censored distributions through the
Censored type.
The Censored type is used to represent censored distributions in Distributions.jl. It
takes two arguments: the underlying distribution, which is the distribution that the
censored distribu tion is based on, and a lower and/or upper bound, which speciﬁes
the range of the censored values . For example, if we wanted to represent a normal
distribution with values betw een 0 and 10, we could create a Censored
distribution using the following code:
Figure 7.16:  Censor ed Distribution on Normal pr obability distribution
This would create a censored distribution based on a normal distribution with a
mean of 0 and a standard deviation of 1 but with values between 0 and 10. Any
values outside of this range are treated as missing data and are not included in
calculations.
The censored type in Distributio ns.jl supports a variety of different distributions,
including the normal, lognorma l, exponential, and many others. In addition, it
supports left-censoring, right-censoring, and interval-censorin g, allowing for a
wide range of dif ferent censored distributions to be represented.
Censored distri butions are useful in a variety of statist ical applications,
particularly in survival analysis and censoring problems. For example, in a
clinical trial, patients may drop out of the study before the end, which means that
their outcomes are censored. By using a censored distribution to model the data,
researchers can take into account the fact that some of the outco mes are unknown,
which can improve the accuracy of the analysis.
Truncated probability distribution
In probability theory and statistics, a truncated distribution is a probability
distribution derived from another distribution by restricting it to a subset of its
original domain. That is, a truncated distribution is a distribution that is
conditioned by the fact that its values are within a certain range. The
Distributions.jl package in Julia provides several methods for working with
truncated distributions.
The Distributions.jl package provides two types of truncated distributions, namely
truncated distrib utions with ﬁnite bounds and truncated distributions with inﬁnite
bounds. The truncated distri butions with ﬁnite bounds are denoted by
Truncated{D}(a, b) where D is a distribution type and a and b are the lower and
upper bounds, respectively . For example, to create a truncated normal distribution
with lower bound -1 and upper bound 1, we can use the following code:
Figure 7.17:  Truncated normal distribution with -1 as lower bound and 1 as upper bound
Truncated distributions in Distributions.jl  can be used to model situations  where
the data is known to lie within a certain range, or where data outside of a certain
range is not meaningful. They  can also be used for simulation studies or to
perform inference on truncated data.
Difference between censored and truncated
probability distributions
While both censored and truncated distributions are supported in the
Distributions.jl package, there are some important dif ferences between them.
Censored distrib utions restrict the observed values to a certain range, while
truncated distributions restrict the possible values that the random variable can
take. Speciﬁcally , a truncated distribution is a distribution that has been modiﬁed
so that all value s outside of a certain range are given a probab ility of zero. This
means that the truncated distribution only takes on values within the range
speciﬁed.
In contrast, a censored distribution does not restrict the possible values that the
random variable can take, but instead restricts the range of observed values.
Values outside of the speciﬁed range are not included in calculations and are
treated as missing data.
To illustrate the difference betw een censored and truncated distributions, consider
the follo wing example. Suppose  we have a normal distribution  with a mean of 0
and a standard deviation of 1, and we want to create a distribution that is restricted
to the range [-2,2]. If we use a truncated distribution, we would create a Normal
distribution and then truncate it using the following code:
Figure 7.18:  Truncated and censor ed normal distribution within the range [-2, 2]
While both censored and truncated distributions are used to restrict the range of
distribution, they differ in how they do so. A truncated distribution restricts the
possible values that the random variable can take, while a censored distribution
restricts the range of observed values. The choice of which type of distribution to
use will depend on the speciﬁc problem being modeled and the assumptions being
made about the data.
Multivariate probability distribution
Distributions.jl is a Julia package for working with probability distributions,
including both univariate and multivariate distributions. In this response, we will
focus on the multivariate distributions available in Distributions.jl .
A multivariate distribution is a probability distribution that describes the joint
behavior of multiple random variables. In Distributions.jl, there are several
multivariate distributions available, including the multivariate normal,
multivariate t, multivariate F, multivariate beta, multivariate gamma, and
multivariate Dirichlet distributions.
The multivariate  normal distribution is perhaps the most well-known multivariate
distribution and is deﬁned by its mean vector and covari ance matrix. The
distribution is implemented in Distributions.jl as MvNormal, which takes a mean
vector and covariance matrix as arguments. For example, the following code
creates a multiv ariate normal distribution with a mean vector of [0.0, 0.0] and a
covariance matrix of [1.0 0.5; 0.5 1.0]:

Figure 7.19:  Multivariate normal distribution with two random variables, i.e., μ, Σ
Other multivariate distributions in Distributions.jl have similar interfaces, taking
appropriate arguments such as degrees of freedom for the multivariate t
distribution and shape parameters for the multivariate beta distribution.
Once a multiva riate distribution is deﬁned, it is possible to perform various
operations with it, such as sampling from the distribution, evaluating the
probability density function (PDF), and calculating moments. For example, the
following code generates 1000 samples from the multivariate normal distribution
deﬁned above and calculates the sample mean and covariance matrix:
Figure 7.20:  Getting samples of multivariate distribution and evaluating their mean and covariance
Distributions.jl  also provides functions for computing the PDF and cumulati ve
distribution function (CDF) of multivariate distributions. For example, the
following code computes the PDF of the multivariate normal distribution deﬁned
above at the point (1.0, 1.0):
Figure 7.21:  Finding the pdf of multivariate normal distribution
Distributions.jl  provide s a convenient and ﬂexible framework for working with
multivariate distributions in Julia.
Matrix-variate probability distribution
Matrix-variate distributions are a class of probability distributions that generalize
the notio n of scalar -valued probability distributions to matrices. They are useful
for modeling multivariate data that is structured as a matrix, such as data from
multiple sensors  or measurements taken over time. The Distributions.jl  package
includes several matrix-variate distributions, which can be used for statistical
analysis and simulation.
The most commonly used matrix-variate distributions in Distributions.jl are the
matrix normal distribution and the Wishart distribution. The matrix normal
distribution is a multivariate generalization of the normal distribution, in which
both the rows and columns of the matrix are normally distributed. It is
parameterized by a mean matrix, a row covariance matrix, and a column
covariance matrix. The Wishart distribution is a generalization of the chi-squared
distribution to matrices and is used to model the covariance matrix of a set of
random variables.
The Distributions.jl package provides several other matrix-variate distributions as
well, including the matrix t distribution, the matrix F distribution, and the inverse
Wishart distribu tion. These distributions are used for modeling more complex
multivariate structures, such as hierarchical models and mixed-ef fects models.
In addition to the standard probability distribution functions such as pdf, cdf, and
quantile, Distrib utions.jl provides several functions that are speciﬁc to matrix-
variate distributions. For example, the function:
rand(MatrixNormal(mean, rowcov, colcov))
Figure 7.22:  Creating a random MatrixNormal pr obability distribution
generates a random matrix that follows the matrix normal distribution with the
speciﬁed mean, row covariance, and column covariance matrices.
The function:
loglikelihood(MatrixNormal(mean, rowcov, colcov), X)
Figure 7.23:  Creating loglikelihood of MatrixNormal Distribution
returns the log-likelihood of a set of observations X under the speciﬁed matrix
normal distribution.
Matrix-variate distributions can be used in a variety of statis tical applications,
including multiv ariate analysis, image processing, and signal processing. By using
matrix-variate distributions to model multivariate data, researchers can take into
account the complex dependencies and correlations that exist between different
variables. The Distributions.jl package provides a convenient and efﬁcient way to
work with matrix-variate distributions, making it a valuable tool for probabilistic
modeling and statistical analysis.
Mixture models in Distributions.jl
Mixture models  are a class of probabilistic models that describe a population as a
mixture of several subpopulatio ns, each with its probability distribution. Mixture
models are widely used in many areas of statistics and machine learning,
including clustering, density estimation, and classiﬁcation.
In Distributions.jl , mixtur e models are implemented as a combination of several
probability distributions, where each component distribution represents one
subpopulation. The overall distribution is deﬁned as a weighted sum of the
component distributions, where the weights represent the probabilities of each
subpopulation.
Distributions.jl  provides several mixture models, including the Gaussian mixture
model (GMM), which is a mixture of multivariate normal distributions. The
GMM is implemented as Mixtu reModel in Distributions.jl and takes as input a
vector of component distributi ons and a vector of weights. For example, the
following code deﬁnes a GMM with two components:
Figure 7.24:  Mixtur e model of two varying multivariate normal distributions
In this example, the GMM has two components, with means μ ١ and μ ٢,
covariance matrices Σ ١ and Σ ٢ ,and weights 0.6 and 0.4.
Once a mixture model is deﬁned , it is possible to perform various operations with
it, such as sampling from the distribution, evaluating the probability density
function (PDF) , and calculating moments. For example, the following code
generates 1000 samples from the GMM deﬁned above and calculates the sample
mean and covariance matrix:
Figure 7.25:  Getting samples of mixtur e model distribution and evaluating their mean and covariance
Distributions.jl also provides functions for computing the PDF and cumulative
distribution function (CDF) of mixture models. For example, the following code
computes the PDF of the GMM deﬁned above at the point (1.0, 1.0):
Figure 7.26:  Finding the pdf of the mixtur e model normal distribution
Mixture models are a powerful and ﬂexible class of probabilistic models that can
be used to model complex data distributions. Distributions.jl  provid es a
convenient and ﬂexible framework for working with mixture models in Julia.
Mixture models and convolutions in Distributions.jl
Mixture models and convolutions are both used to construct complex probability
distributions from simpler ones in Distributions.jl, but they differ in their
underlying mathematical operations.
A mixture model is a weighted sum (prior distribution) of two or more probability
distributions. The weights of each distribution represent the proportion of the
mixture that each distribution contributes. For example, a mixture of two normal
distributions can be created as follows:
Figure 7.27:  Using two varying Normal distributions and adding them up in a mixtur e model
In this example, a mixture is a probability distribution that is a weighted sum of
the two normal distributions, d1 and d2. Each of the normal distributions
contributes equally to the mixture, as indicated by the weights [0.5, 0.5].
On the other hand, convolution is a way of combining probability distributions to
represent the distribution of the sum of random variables. For example, if we have
two independen t normal distributions with mean 0 and standard  deviation 1, their
sum will also be a normal distribution with mean 0 and standard deviation
sqrt(2) . This can be computed using the convolution of the two normal
distributions:
Figure 7.28:  Adding up two varying normal distributions
In this example, convolution is a probability distribution that represents the
distribution of the sum of two independent normal distributions . The convolve()
function is used to compute the convolution of the two distributions.
In summ ary, mixture models are used to combine distributions into a weighted
sum (prior distribution), while convolutions are used to combine distributions to
represent the distribution of the sum of random variables.
Fitting a probability distribution
In statistics, ﬁtting a distribution to a dataset means ﬁnding the parameters of a
probability distribution that best ﬁt the observed data. The Julia programming
language provides a package called Distributions, which offers a wide range of
statistical distributions and methods for ﬁtting them to data.
To ﬁt a distribution, one can use the fit function , which  takes a distribution type
and a sample dataset as input and returns a ﬁtted distribution. The most commonly
used method for ﬁtting a distrib ution is maximum likelihood estimation (MLE),
which is the default method used by the fit function. Here is an example of
ﬁtting a normal distribution to a set of random numbers, that is, data:
# Generate a set of random numbers from a normal distribution
julia> data = randn(100)
Figure 7.29:  Fitting a normal distribution to the data
If the data is weighted, one can use the fit_mle  function instead, which takes an
additional input for the weights.
# Generate a set of random numbers from a normal distribution
julia> data = randn(100)
# Create a set of weights for the data
julia> weights = ones(100)
Figure 7.30:  Fitting a normal weighted data matrix
For some distributions, the estimation can be based on sufﬁcient statistics
computed from the dataset. In such cases, one can use the suffstats method to
compute sufﬁcient statistics and then use them to ﬁt the distribution using
fit_mle .
# Generate a set of random numbers from an exponential distribution
julia> data = rand(Exponential(2), 100)
Figure 7.31:  Sufﬁcient statistics for the exponential distribution
The Distributions.jl package provides a powerful set of tools for ﬁtting statistical
distributions to data, which can be useful in a wide range of applications.
Conclusion
In this chapter , we have provided an introduction to probability and its importance
in various ﬁelds, such as statistics and machine learning. We have also introduced
the probability package in Julia, which is a powerful tool for working with
probability distributions.
One of the key packages in the Julia probability ecosystem is the Distributions.jl
package, which provides a comprehensive collection of univariate and
multivariate probability distributions, as well as various methods for working with
them. We have covered the common functions available in Distributions.jl,
including sampling, PDF and CDF evaluation, and moments calculation.
We have also discussed three important types of probability distributions -
censored, trunca ted, and mixture models - and how they can be implemented in
Distributions.jl. We have highlighted the importance of mixture models in
modeling complex data distributions and how Distributions.jl provides a
convenient framework for working with them.
Finally , we have brieﬂy covered the topic of ﬁtting a probability distribution to
data, which is an important task in many statistical application s. We have shown
how Distributions.jl provides various methods for ﬁtting probability distributions
to data, including maximum likelihood estimation and Bayesian methods.
In the next chapter , we will learn about DataFrames and handling data in Julia.
Questions
1. What is probability and why is it important in statistics and machine
learning?
2. What is the probability package in Julia and how can it be used for
probabilistic calculations?
3. How does the Distributions.jl package in Julia provide a comprehensive
collection of univariate and multivariate probability distributions?
4. What are some common functions available in Distributions.jl for working
with probability distributions?
5. What are univariate probability  distributions and what are some examples
available in Distributions.jl?
6. What are censored probabili ty distributions and how can they be
implemented in Distributions.jl?
7. What are truncated probabili ty distributions and how can they be
implemented in Distributions.jl?
8. What are multivariate probab ility distributions and how can they be
implemented in Distributions.jl?
9. What are matrix-variate probability distributions and how can they be
implemented in Distributions.jl?
10. What are mixture models and how can they be implemented in
Distributions.jl for modeling complex data distributions?
11. How can mixture models and convolutions be used together in
Distributions.jl?
12. What are some methods available in Distributions.jl for ﬁtting a probability
distribution to data, and how do they work?
CHAPTER  8
Framing Data in Julia
Framing data in Julia refers to the process of portraying data in a structured and
organized way that is suitable for data analysis and manipulation. In Julia, data is
typically framed as a table or a matrix, with each row representi ng an observation
or data point and each column representing a variable or feature.
DataFrames.jl  is a highly capable and efﬁcient package that provides a range  of
features to handle tabular data. It allows users to create, modify , and investigate
structured data in a way that is easy to understand and use. The package provides
a simila r interfa ce to that of R’s data.frame and Python’ s pandas library , which
makes it easy for users to migrate from these languages to Julia. This familiar
interface lets users perform a wide range of data manipulation tasks, including
data cleaning, ﬁltering, sorting, grouping, merging, and more. Users can apply the
package to create DataFrames from various sources, such as CSV  ﬁles, Excel
spreadsheets, SQL  databases, and more.
DataFrames.jl  is desig ned to work with large datasets, making it an essential
component of Julia’ s data analysis toolkit. It offers fast and memory-efﬁcient
operations, enab ling users to work with big data in a timely manner . The package
also provides several convenie nt functions for data import and export, which
makes it easy for users to transfer data from other sources into Julia.
The package also provides a range of functions for cleaning and transforming
data, such as imputing missing values, scaling and normalizing data, and encoding
categorical varia bles. User can save time and effort by using these functions to
make it easier for them to get their data ready for analysis, saving time and ef fort.
In addition to these features, DataFrames.jl  provides a rich set of functions for
data exploration and visualizatio n. Users can summarize their data using various
statistics and visualizatio ns, such as histograms, scatterplots, and bar charts, to
gain insights and explore relationships between variables.
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered:
Introducing DataFrames.jl package
Setting up the environment
Constructing DataFrame objects
Fetching, inspecting and manipulating data
Major data manipulation frameworks in Julia
Comparing with other data manipulation frameworks
Introducing DataFrames.jl package
DataFrames.jl is a powerful tool for working with tabular data in Julia, providing
similar functionality and design to other popular data science tools like pandas in
Python, and data.frame, data.table  and dplyr  in R. It is an essential
component of the Julia data ecosystem, with tight integrations with a range of
different librarie s. This chapter aims to provide everything needed to get up and
run with DataFrames.jl , and to showca se its functionality in conjunction with
other popular packages like GLM.jl, StatsModels.jl , and Plots.jl . Additionally ,
users will ﬁnd it effective to explore some of the other popular libraries in the
Julia data ecosystem, like for MLJ.jl  machine learning, HypothesisT ests.jl  for
hypothesis testing, and Plots.jl  for plotting.
Setting up the environment
Setting up the environment refers to the process of installing and conﬁguring the
necessary software and package s required to work with a particular programming
language, package, or library . In this case, we are setting up the environment for
working with the DataFrames.j l package, which is a package for working with
tabular data in Julia.
To use the DataFrames.jl packag e in Julia, you ﬁrst need to install it. This can be
done using the Pkg module in Julia, which provides a package manager for Julia.
To begin, you need to load the Pkg module by typing using Pkg in the Julia
console.
Once the Pkg module is loaded, you can install the DataFrames.jl package by
running Pkg.add(“DataFrames”)  in the Julia console. This command will
download and install the packag e and its dependencies, and make it available for
use in your Julia environment.
Alternatively , you can use the package manager REPL  mode to add the package
by typing ] in the Julia console. This will switch to the package manager REPL,
and you can type add DataFrames  to add the package.
After installing the DataFrames  package, it is recommended to run its tests to
ensure that everything is working as expected. You can do this by typing
Pkg.test(“DataFrames”)  in the Julia console. Note that running the tests may
take more than 30 minutes, depending on your system’ s performance.
To check the version of DataFrames.jl that you have installed, you can use the
status command in the package manager REPL  mode. Type ] in the Julia console
to switch  to the package manage r REPL, and then type status DataFrames to see
the version of the package.
Once you have installed and veriﬁed the package, you can load it into your Julia
environment using the using DataFrames command. This will make the
DataFrame type available, which is the most fundamental type provided by
DataFrames.jl. In a DataFrame, each row represents an observation, and each
column represents a feature. You can then use the various functions and
operations provi ded by the DataFrames package to manipulate  and analyze your
data.
Constructing DataFrame objects
In Julia, constructors are functions that create an instance of a type. The
DataFrame is a type provided by the DataFrames.jl package that represents
tabular data.
Creating a new DataFrame instance with no data is done  using an empty
constructor . For example, DataFrame()  creates an empt y DataFrame with no rows
or columns.
The most common way to creat e a DataFrame is by specifying the column names
and data. This can be done using a keyword argument constructor (Figur e 8.1).
For example,
julia> DataFrame(A=20:30, B=40:50, fixed=1)
Figure 8.1:  Creating a DataFrame with thr ee columns named “A”, “B”, and “ﬁxed” with their speciﬁed
values.
The “A” column contains the values 20, 21, …, and 30. The “B” column contains
the values 40, 41, 42, …., and 50. The “ﬁxed” column contains the scalar value 1,
which gets broadcasted to all rows. Both columns A and B should be of the same
dimensions.
If your column names contain spaces or are not valid Julia identiﬁers, you can use
the => syntax to associate the names with their values as shown in the following
example:
julia> DataFrame(“age” => [45, 40, 15], “first name” => [“Rohan”,
“Raghav”, “Avyukta”])
Figure 8.2:  Creating a DataFrame with two columns named “age” and “ﬁrst name”
DataFrames can also be created from dictionaries or NamedT uples. If the keys are
strings or symbols, you can pass the dictionary or NamedT uple directly to the
DataFrame constructor . For example,
julia> DataFrame(Dict(:age => [45, 40, 15], :first_name => [“Rohan”,
“Raghav”, “Avyukta”]))
Figure 8.3:  It cr eates the same DataFrame as the pr evious example
If the column names are not provided, but the data is in a matrix or an array of
NamedT uples, you can pass :auto as the second argument to automatically
generate column names. For example,
julia> DataFrame([7 1; 9 4], :auto)
Figure 8.4:  Creating a DataFrame with two columns named “x1” and “x2”
Finally , if you have a vector of column names, you can pass it as the second
argument to the DataFrame constructor . For example,
julia> DataFrame([11 23 7 0; 85 50 65 21; 63 11 16 49], [“a”, “b”,
“c”, “d”])
Figure 8.5:  Creating a DataFrame with four columns named “a”, “b”, “c”, and “d”
Fetching, inspecting and manipulating data
In Chapter 5, Working with datasets in Julia , we learnt about fetching and
inspecting data using various other methods, including CSV  reader objects. We
used the CSV.jl package to read and inspect our data. DataFrames.jl  is a
powerful packag e for working with tabular data in Julia, and it provides various
functions and tools for fetching, unpacking, and inspecting data.
CSV  is a Julia package that provides functionality for reading and writing tabular
data from CSV  and other delimited text ﬁles. The package is available for
download from the Julia package manager and can be installed using the
Pkg.add()  command.
Once installed, the package must be imported into the session  using the using
command. This makes the packa ge’s functions available to use in your code. With
Julia 1.9, one can skip Pkg.add  for registered packages.
Here’ s an example of how to read a dataset from a CSV  ﬁle:
julia> using CSV, DataFrames
julia> df = DataFrame(CSV.File(“path/to/input.csv”))
This code impo rts the CSV  and DataFrames packages and then reads a dataset
from a CSV  ﬁle located at “path /to/input.csv”. The resulting dataset is stored in a
DataFrame object called “df”.
Similarly , you can write a Data Frame object to a CSV  ﬁle using the following
code:
julia> CSV.write(“path/to/output.csv”, df)
This code writes the contents of the DataFrame object df to a ﬁle locate d at
path/to/output.cs3v .
You can also customize the behavior of the CSV  functions by using keyword
arguments. The available keywo rd arguments and their meanings can be found in
the Julia documentation.
In some  cases, the compilation latency of the CSV.jl package  can be an issue. In
such cases, the DelimitedFiles  module from the Julia standar d library can be
used instead. Here’ s an example of how to read data from a CSV  ﬁle using the
DelimitedFiles module:
julia> using DelimitedFiles, DataFrames
julia> data, header = readdlm(“path/to/input.csv”, ‘,’, header=true)
julia> df = DataFrame(data, vec(header))
This code imports the DelimitedFiles  and DataFrame s packages and reads the
contents of a CSV ﬁle located at “path/to/input.csv”. The resulting dataset is
stored in a DataFrame object called “df”.
It’s worth noting that the read and write functions provided by DelimitedFiles.jl
are more limited in functionality compared to CSV.jl, and cannot handle more
advanced use cases such as handling missing or non-numeric data. Therefore, it’s
recommended to use CSV .jl in most cases.
Finally , if you need more information on the CSV.jl functions, you can use the “?”
operator followed by the function name to access the documentation. For
example, typing  “?CSV .File” in the Julia REPL  will display the documentation for
the CSV.File function. Altern atively , you can check out the online CSV.jl
documentation for more information.
To fetch data using DataFrames.jl , users can use the CSV.read  function to read
data from a CSV ﬁle. The package also provides support for various other ﬁle
formats, including Excel spreadsheets and JSON ﬁles, using the appropriate
functions.
Fetching data
CSV  is a ﬁle format for tabular data, where each row is a record, and each column
represents a variable or feature. To start, we need to make sure that we have the
CSV.jl package installed in our Julia environment. We can do this by executing
the following commands:
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add(“CSV”)
To read in a CSV ﬁle using Julia’ s CSV.jl  package , ﬁrst make sure it’s installed.
Then, you can use the CSV.read  function to read the ﬁle. For example, if your
data is stored in a ﬁle called “iris.csv ” in the asset s directory of the
DataFrames.jl  repository , you can obtain the path of the package ﬁle, navigate  to
the assets directory using the joinpath()  function, and then use CSV.read()  to
read in the data.
julia> using CSV, DataFrames
# Obtain the path of the DataFrames.jl package file
julia> path_to_pkg = dirname(pathof(DataFrames))
# Navigate to the assets directory and the iris.csv file
julia> csv_file_path = joinpath(path_to_pkg, “..”, “docs”, “src”,
“assets”, “iris.csv”)
# Read in the CSV file and store the resulting data in a DataFrame
object
julia> df = CSV.read(csv_file_path, DataFrame)
Once the data is loaded, it’s a good idea to create a copy using the copy function
to avoid accidentally modifying the original data.
# Create a copy of the DataFrame object to avoid accidental
modification
julia> df_copy = copy(df)
Note:  Julia has different string types, including String7  and String15 , which
have a ﬁxed width that can make them faster and more efﬁcient  than the standard
String type. You need to add InlineStrings.jl  to your code base.
julia> # Define a fixed-width string
str7 = String7(“hello”)
“hello  “
julia> str15 = String15(“hello”)
“hello       “
julia> # Print the length of each string
println(length(str))   # 11
11
julia> println(length(str7))  # 7
7
julia> println(length(str15)) # 15
15
Figure 8.6:  Read and stor e the r eference of the iris dataset.
Keep in mind that your DataFrame object may be too wide or too tall to display in
its entirety , causing it to be cropped in the output. To view the entire DataFrame,
you need to change your environment variables such as,
# Set the option to show all columns and rows
julia> ENV[“COLUMNS”] = 1000
julia> ENV[“LINES”] = 1000
# Print the DataFrame
julia> println(df)
Inspecting data
Once the data has been fetched, DataFrames.jl  provides several functions for
unpacking and inspecting it. First, the size function is used to get the dimensions
of the DataFrame. The size function returns a tuple containing the number of rows
and columns in the DataFrame. For example, size(df)  returns (150, 5), which
means that the Iris DataFrame has 150 rows and 5 columns. We can also use the
size function with the optional argument 1 or 2 to retrieve the number of rows or
columns, respec tively . For instance, size(df, 1) returns 150, which is the
number of rows, and size(df, 2)  returns 5, which is the number of columns.
julia> size(df)
(150, 5)
julia> size(df, 1)
150
julia> size(df, 2)
5
The first()  and last()  function s can be used to displ ay the ﬁrst and last few
rows of the DataFrame.
julia> first(df)
DataFrameRow
Row │ SepalLength  SepalWidth  PetalLength  PetalWidth  Species
│ Float64   Float64  Float64   Float64  String15
─────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
──
1 │      5.1      3.5       1.4      0.2  Iris-setosa
julia> last(df)
DataFrameRow
Row │ SepalLength  SepalWidth  PetalLength  PetalWidth  Species
│ Float64   Float64  Float64   Float64  String15
─────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
─────
150 │      5.9      3.0       5.1      1.8  Iris-virginica
julia> first(df, 3)
3×5 DataFrame
Row │ SepalLength  SepalWidth  PetalLength  PetalWidth  Species
│ Float64   Float64  Float64   Float64  String15
─────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
──
1 │      5.1      3.5       1.4      0.2  Iris-setosa
2 │      4.9      3.0       1.4      0.2  Iris-setosa
3 │      4.7      3.2       1.3      0.2  Iris-setosa
julia> last(df, 4)
4×5 DataFrame
Row │ SepalLength  SepalWidth  PetalLength  PetalWidth  Species
│ Float64   Float64  Float64   Float64  String15
─────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
─────
1 │      6.3      2.5       5.0      1.9  Iris-virginica
2 │      6.5      3.0       5.2      2.0  Iris-virginica
3 │      6.2      3.4       5.4      2.3  Iris-virginica
4 │      5.9      3.0       5.1      1.8  Iris-virginica
We can also use the nrow()  and ncol()  functions to get the number of rows and
columns in the DataFrame, respectively . For example, nrow(df)  returns  150,
which is the number of rows, and ncol(df) returns 5, which is the number of
columns.
julia> nrow(df)
150
julia> ncol(df)
5
To get basic statistics of the data in the DataFrame , we can use the describe()
function. The describe function displays the mean, minimum, median, maximum,
number of missing values, and element type of each numeric al column in the
DataFrame . By default, the function skips the missing values when computing the
summary statist ics. We can customize the shown statistics by passing optional
arguments to the describe function. For example, describe(df, cols=1:3)
returns a DataFrame  that only displays statistics for the ﬁrst three columns.
Figure 8.7:  describe() function is depicting the information about the iris dataset
Lastly , we can adjust how the DataFrame is displayed by manually calling the
show function. We can use the allrows  and allcols  optional arguments to show
all rows and all columns of the DataFrame, respectively . For instance, show(df,
allcols=true)  prints all the columns of the DataFrame, even if they do not ﬁt on
the screen.
julia> show(df)
150×5 DataFrame
julia> show(df, allrows=true)
150×5 DataFrame
In Julia, a DataF rame can be very large and can take up a lot of memory . To make
the DataFrame more memory efﬁcient, one can create a view of it. Creating a
view of a DataFrame is similar to creating a materialized selec tion, but a view is
more memory efﬁcient because  it only stores pointers to the data in the original
DataFrame.
In the code sample, the view function and @view macro can be used to create
views of a Data Frame. The view function is used to create a view by specifying
the DataFrame to be viewed and the row and column indices that will be included
in the view . @view  macro works in the same way, but it allows for more concise
and readable code by using a slicing syntax.
The syntax for accessing elements in a view is the same as for accessing elements
in a DataFrame. The only difference is that a view does not create a new object,
but rather provides a view into the existing DataFrame.
Figure 8.8:  Viewing only a certain part of the DataFrame
A view is more memory efﬁcient than creating a new DataFrame  or array becaus e
it only stores pointers to the data in the original DataFrame . The benchmark
comparison shows that creating a view is an order of magnitude faster and
allocates much less memory than creating a new DataFrame  or array .
Views can be useful when we want to manipulate a subset of a DataFrame  without
creating a copy . For example, we might want to multiply all the values in the
PetalWidth  column by 2:
julia> view1 = view(df, :, :PetalWidth)
150-element view(::Vector{Float64}, :) with eltype Float64:
0.2
0.2
…
julia> view1 .= 2 .* view1
150-element view(::Vector{Float64}, :) with eltype Float64:
0.4
0.4
…
Here, view1 is a view of the PetalWidth  column of df. The second line multiplies
every element of view1 by 2, which has the effect of modifying the original df
DataFrame .
We can also append a row to the DataFrame  using the view()  function.
Figure 8.9:  Appending the new r ow to the dataset using the view() function
However , a view points to the same memory as its parent, so changing a view will
change the parent, which can sometimes be undesirable. Additionally , some
operations migh t be a bit slower as DataFrames.jl  needs to perform  a mapping of
indices of a view to indices of the parent.
In this chapter , we will learn about a few other ways to fetch and inspect the data
at hand using DataFrames.jl . Data frames can be indexed using a syntax that
allows for a ﬂexible selection of rows and columns. By understanding the
available option s for indexing, you can extract the relevant data for your analysis.
A DataFrame can be indexed using the same syntax as matrices. The general
syntax for indexing is data_frame[selected_rows, selected_columns] , where
selected_rows  and selected_columns  are vectors or ranges of row or column
indices to select. Unlike matrices, which allow the selection of either rows or
columns, DataFrames always require both row and column selectors.
A colon : can be used as a wildcard to indicate that all rows or columns should be
retained. For example, df[1:5, [:SepalWidth, :PetalWidth]]  returns the ﬁrst
ﬁve rows of the “iris” DataFrame, with only the “SepalWidth ” and “PetalWidth ”
columns included.
Figure 8.10:  View only sepal and petal width
Similarly , df[1:5, :] returns the ﬁrst ﬁve rows of all columns in the “iris”
DataFrame .
Figure 8.1 1: View all the columns of the dataset but only fr om ﬁrst to ﬁfth r ows
A vector  of speciﬁc row indices can also be used to index the DataFrame, as in
df[[1, 6, 15], :], which returns only the ﬁrst, sixth, and ﬁfteenth rows of all
columns.
Figure 8.12:  View all the columns of the dataset but only of 1st, 6th and 15th row
To select speciﬁc columns, the [:, selected_c olumns]  syntax can be used. For
example, df[:, [:SepalLength, :PetalLength]]  returns all rows of only the
“SepalLength” and “PetalLength” columns.
Figure 8.13:  view only sepal and petal length
Note:  The syntax used for column selection can affect the type of the returned
object. df[:, [:PetalLength]]  and df[!, [:PetalLength]]  both return a
DataFrame with a single column, but df[:, :PetalLength]  and df[!,
:PetalLength]  return a vector of strings with only the “PetalLength ” column
data. The difference between the two syntaxes lies in the use of a single symbol
:PetalLength  versus a vector [:PetalLength] . When using the latter , a vector is
required to be passed (not just any iterable), so df[:, (:SepalLength,
:PetalLength)]  is not allowed, but df[:, [:SepalLength, :PetalLength]]  is
valid.
To perform basic operations on a DataFrame , such as extracting columns, one can
use different syntaxes. The simplest way to extract a column is to use the dot
notation: dataframe.column_name . This notation allows us to directly access the
column data without making a copy . Therefore, changes made to the extracted
column will affect the original DataFrame . For example, df.PetalWidth  returns a
vector of the petal width of various ﬂowers and changing the value of this vector
will also af fect the values stored in the iris DataFrame :
julia> df.PetalWidth
150-element Vector{Float64}:
julia> df.”PetalWidth”
150-element Vector{Float64}:
However , somet imes it is desirable to make a copy of a column  to avoid affecting
the original DataFrame. In such cases, one can use the indexing notation to extract
a colum n: dataframe[:, column_name] or dataframe[!, column_n ame] ,
where column_name  is a string or a symbol represen ting the name of the column.
dataframe[:, column_name]  will return a copy of the colum n and modifying it
will not affect the original DataFrame while dataframe[!, column_name]  returns
the original DataFrame .
julia> df[!, :PetalWidth]
julia> df[!, “PetalWidth”]
We can check that both expressions produce the same objec t and conﬁrm the
behavior described above using the  ===  function:
julia> df.PetalWidth === df[!, :PetalWidth]
true
julia> df.PetalWidth === df[:, :PetalWidth]
false
To get a vecto r of all colum n names in the DataFrame, one can use the
names(dataframe)  function. The function returns a vector of strings representing
the column names.
julia> names(df)
Figure 8.14:  Names of the columns of the iris datasets
One can also use this function to ﬁlter columns by their element type or other
criteria. For example, names(dataframe, AbstractString)  return a vector of
column names with elements of type  AbstractString .
julia> names(df, AbstractString)
1-element Vector{String}:
“Species”
If one needs to work with column names as symbols, the
propertynames(dataframe)  function can be used instead. It returns a vector of
symbols representing the column names.
julia> propertynames(df)
5-element Vector{Symbol}:
:SepalLength
:SepalWidth
:PetalLength
:PetalWidth
:Species
To get the data type of each column, one can use the eltype  functio n on an
iterator generated by the eachcol(dataframe)  function. The eachcol function
returns an iterat or over the columns of the DataFrame, and the eltype  function
returns the element type of a collection.
julia> eltype.(eachcol(df))
5-element Vector{DataType}:
Float64
Float64
Float64
Float64
String15
Finally , the empty(dataframe)  function returns an empty DataFrame with the
same column names and types as the original DataFrame . Howev er, it does not
modify the origi nal DataFrame . If one needs to empty the origi nal DataFrame , the
empty!(dataframe)  function should be used instead.
julia> empty(ref)
0×5 DataFrame
Row │ SepalLength  SepalWidth  PetalLength  PetalWidth  Species
│ Float64   Float64  Float64   Float64  String15
─────┴────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
julia> empty!(ref)
0×5 DataFrame
Row │ SepalLength  SepalWidth  PetalLength  PetalWidth  Species
│ Float64   Float64  Float64   Float64  String15
─────┴────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
It is important to note that colum n names in DataFrames.jl  can be either symbols
or string s. Whil e using symbols is slightly faster , using string s is simpler when
non-standard characters are present in the column names or one wants to
manipulate them. For non-standard symbols, one can use Symbol(“asd fgh”).
In Julia , one can perform broadcasting assignments using the .= operation.
Broadcasting is a powerful feature that allows performing operations element-
wise over an array . This is particularly useful when we want to apply a scalar or
vector operation on a column or a slice of a DataFrame.
The standard syntax to perform broadcasting in Julia is to use ‘.’ . For example, to
assign a scalar value to a slice of a vector , we need to use the .= operation. This is
because assigning a scalar value to multiple locations is not supported. For
instance, the following code would fail in Julia:
Figure 8.15:  A single value cannot be assigned to the multiple elements
Instead, we need to write:
julia> s[2:3] .= 0
2-element view(::Vector{Int64}, 2:3) with eltype Int64:
0
0
This will assign 0 to the elements in the slice [2,3] of the vector s. The
broadcasting syntax is fully supported in DataFrames.jl as well.
Here is an example using DataFrames.jl:
julia> df[3:8, :PetalLength] .= [8.5, 8.9, 7.8, 5.8, 9.6, 6.8] #
Broadcasting assignment
6-element view(::Vector{Float64}, 3:8) with eltype Float64:
8.5
8.9
7.8
5.8
9.6
6.8
This code will create a new column :PetalLength  in the DataFrame  df and assign
the values in the vector [8.5, 8.9, 7.8, 5.8, 9.6, 6.8] to it.
Note:  The ! operator in the broadcas ting syntax performs an in-place operation
while using : instead of, ! performs a replace operation. An in-place operation
replaces the old values with new ones in the existing vector , while the replace
operation alloca tes a fresh vector and replaces the old vector with it. The
difference is important when the new values have a different type than the old
ones. In the case of the replace operation, the new vector will have a new type.
For exam ple, the following code will perform an in-place replacement of values
stored in column number 3 by 4:
julia> df[:, 3] .= 4
150-element view(::Vector{Float64}, :) with eltype Float64:
The following code will replace the :PetalLength column with a new vector of
type String:
julia> df[!, :PetalLength] .= “Economics”
150-element Vector{String}:
It is worth noting that using broadcasting on a row selector will not work in-place,
and we need to use the ! operator instead for allocating a fresh vector .
Column selectio n is a fundamental operation when working with DataFrames .
Julia provides a set of ﬂexible and powerful column selection functions that allow
us to select one or more columns from a DataFrame  based on dif ferent criteria.
This response will explain four of the most useful column selectors for complex
scenarios. The Not, Between, Cols, and All selectors are used to exclude columns,
select a range of columns, select multiple columns, and select all columns,
respectively . Additionally , we will see an example of using a regular expression to
select columns based on their names.
The Not selector from the InvertedIndices.jl  packag e allows us to specify the
columns we want to exclude from the resulting DataFrame . We can put any other
valid column selector inside Not. If we want to drop the PetalLength  column
from the iris DataFrame , we can use:
Figure 8.16:  A part of the dataset can only be viewed and not some speciﬁc column or r ow of the dataset
using Not()
The Between selector allows us to specify a range of columns by passing the start
and stop columns using any of the single-column selector syntaxes. For instance,
to select columns starting from :SepalLength  and ending at :PetalWidth , we can
use:
Figure 8.17:  A part of the dataset can only be viewed and not some speciﬁc column or r ow of the dataset
using Between()
The Cols(…)  selector  picks a union of other selectors passed as its argumen ts. In
the following example, the Cols selector is picking a union of Age and
Between(“SepalWidth”, “PetalWidth”)  selectors passed as its ar guments:
Figure 8.18:  A part of the dataset can only be viewed and not some speciﬁc column of the dataset using
Cols()
Finally , the All()  selector  allows us to select all columns of a DataFrame, which
is the same as passing. For example, to select all columns of the df DataFrame,
we can use:
Figure 8.19:  A part of the dataset can only be viewed and not some speciﬁc columns or r ows of the dataset
using All()
Moreover , we can also use regular expressions to select colum ns whose names
match them. For instance, we can select columns that have “S” in their names and
use Not to drop row number 5 with the following command:
Figure 8.20:  A part of the dataset can only be viewed and not some speciﬁc columns or r ows of the dataset
using r egex
These selectors are very useful when dealing with complex DataFrames. By
combining these  selectors in different ways, we can select a subset of columns
that meet our criteria.
Manipulating data
We will learn about the usage of three functions from the DataFrames.jl  package
for transforming columns in a DataFrame.
combine
The combine()  function  creates  a new DataFram e by applying a transformation to
one or more columns of the original DataFrame . The result is populated with
columns that contain the transf ormed data, which can potentially combine the
rows of the original DataFrame . Here’ s an example:
Figure 8.21:  A new DataFrame can be cr eated using the combine() function and the speciﬁed new columns
or rows
Here, we used combine to create a new DataFrame new_df  that contains two new
columns: SepalWidth_squared  and SepalLength_plus_ten . The
SepalWidth_squared  column is the result of squaring the SepalWidth  column
from the original DataFrame , and the SepalLength_plus_ten  column is the result
of adding 10 to the SepalLength  column from the original DataFrame .
select
The select!()  function creates a new DataFrame  with the same number of rows
as the original DataFrame  but with the transformed data as new columns. Here’ s
an example:
Figure 8.22:  A new DataFrame can be cr eated using the select() function and the speciﬁed new columns or
rows
Here, we used select! to modify the original DataFrame df by keeping the
SepalWidth  column  and adding a new column SepalLength_function , which is
the result of adding 10 to the SepalLength  column.
transform
The transform()  function is similar to select but also keeps the columns from the
original DataFra me that were not transformed and can potentially modify them.
Here’ s an example:
Figure 8.23:  A new DataFrame can be cr eated using the transform() function and the speciﬁed new columns
or rows
Here, we used transform to create a new DataFrame new_df  that contains all the
columns from the original DataFrame  as well as a new column PetalLength ,
which is the result of adding 10 to the PetalLength  column from the original
DataFrame .
Major data manipulation frameworks in Julia
Data manipulation frameworks are software tools that provide convenient
methods for working with tabular data, such as DataFrames, tables, or
spreadsheets. In Julia, three such frameworks are available for manipulating
DataFrames: DataFramesMeta.jl, DataFrameMacr os.jl,  and Query .jl. These
frameworks enable users to write code for data manipulation in a way that is
similar to dplyr in R or LINQ in C#.
We will understand the functionality of the three of these frameworks,
DataFramesMeta.jl , DataFrameMacr os.jl and Query .jl, and provide code
samples to demonstrate how they work.
DataFramesMeta.jl
The DataFramesMeta.jl package  provides a convenient macro-b ased interface
to work with DataFrames. It provides a more convenient syntax for the
transformation functions: transform, select, and combine via the macros
@transform, @select , @combine , and more. DataFramesMeta.jl  also reexports
the @chain  macro from Chain.jl, allowin g users to pipe the output of one
transformation as an input to another , as with |> and %>% in R.
To use DataFramesMeta.jl , ﬁrst, we need to install the package using the
following command:
using DataFramesMeta
then press y followed by Enter .
Here are some examples of how to use the DataFramesMeta.jl  package:
Subset rows of the source DataFrame  using a logical  condition and select
two columns, renaming one of them:
Figure 8.24:  A subset of the DataFrame can be cr eated and select some columns to be visible thr ough
a continuous chain function
The preceding code selects only the rows where the sepal length column is greater
than 6.0 and renames the Species column to name_of_species .
Split the DataFrame , apply a functio n to each group , and then combine the
results:
Figure 8.25:  Creating a subset of the DataFrame and selecting some columns to be visible thr ough a
continuous chain function
The preceding code subsets the DataFrame  to only select rows where the petal
length column is greater than 4.5, groups the data by the Species column, and
computes the range of the values for each group.
Transform the DataFrame  by creating a new column:
Figure 8.26:  Creating a subset of the DataFrame and selecting some columns to be visible thr ough a
continuous chain function
The preceding code groups the DataFrame by the Species column and then
subtracts the minimum value of the petal length column from each value of petal
length, creating a new column named value0.
DataFrameMacros.jl
DataFrameMacr os.jl is an alternativ e to DataFramesMeta.jl , with a focus on
convenient solutions for the transformation of multiple columns at once. It
provides a similar functionality  to DataFramesMeta.jl  but is more ﬂexible in
how transformations can be applied.
To use DataFrameMacr os.jl, ﬁrst, we need to install the package using the
following command:
using DataFramesMacros
then press y followed by Enter .
Figure 8.27:  Creating a subset of the DataFrame and selecting some columns to be visible thr ough a
continuous chain function
Query.jl
Query .jl is a package that implements a LINQ-like interface for querying data. It
allows for easy ﬁltering, grouping, joining and aggregating of DataFrames. The
following instructions are for version 1.0.5 of Query .jl.
First, install the Query .jl package:
using Query
then press y followed by Enter .
Query .jl uses the @> macro to chain together queries in a readable and ﬂexible
way. We present a few examples of its usage:
Figure 8.28:  Creating a subset of the DataFrame and selecting some columns to be visible thr ough @fr om,
@wher e, @select and @collect macr os which is equivalent to SQL  queries
Query .jl provide s the @from  macro, which creates a query object that can be used
to perform operations on the data. Queries can be ﬁltered, sorted, aggregated, and
joined.
In this example, the @from  macro creates a query object with a reference to the
input DataFrame. The query object is then used to ﬁlter the data with the @where
macro and selec t the desired columns with the @select  macro. Finally , the `>`
operator applies the query and converts the output to a DataFrame.
In addition to the examples shown here, Query .jl provides many more useful
functions for data manipulation , such as join, order , and distinct. In summary ,
DataFramesMeta.jl , DataFrameMacr os.jl, and Query .jl are three powerful
frameworks for data manipulation in Julia. They provide convenient methods for
ﬁltering, selectin g, transforming , and aggregating data in a way that is familiar to
users of dplyr or LINQ. Each framework has its strengths and weaknesses, so it is
worth exploring all three to ﬁnd the best ﬁt for your use case.
Comparing with other language frameworks
We will compare the Julia data manipulation framework DataFrames.jl  with
similar tools in other programm ing languages like Python, R, and Stata. We will
use the example of creating a data set, and then we will compare various functions
available in DataFrames.jl  with their counterparts in the pandas package in
Python.
Comparing with pandas - a Python framework
Both Pandas and DataFrames.jl  are designed to manipulate tabular data, but they
have some differences in terms of syntax, structure, and time taken for certain
operations. Here are some key dif ferences:
Language:  Pandas is a Python library , while DataFrames.jl  is a package
for the Julia language.
Syntax : Both libraries  have similar syntax for many operations, such as
ﬁltering and grouping data. How ever, there are some differences in syntax,
especially for more complex operations. For example, in Pandas, you can
use the apply()  method  to apply a function to each row or column of a
DataFrame , while in DataFrames.jl, you would use the transform()
function for the same purpose.
Data structur es: Both Pandas and DataFrames.jl  use a DataFrame
structure to represent tabular data. However , there are some differences in
the details of the data structure s. For example, DataFrames.jl  allows for
more ﬂexible handling of missing data, while Pandas has more built-in
support for time series data.
Time taken:  In general, Julia is faster than Python, which means that
DataFrames.jl  can be faster than Pandas for some operations. For example,
sorting a DataFrame  can be much faster in Julia, especially for larger
datasets.
Overall, both Pandas and DataFrames.jl  are powerful tools for working with
tabular data, and the choice between the two will depend on factors such as the
speciﬁc require ments of the task at hand and the progra mming language
preferences of the user .
Comparing with dplyr - an R framework
dplyr is a data manipulation package in R, while DataFrames.jl  is a data
manipulation package in Julia. Both dplyr and DataFrames.jl  provide simila r
functionality for working with DataFrames, but there are some differences in their
syntax and structure.
Time taken : DataFrames.jl  is gener ally faster than dplyr . Julia is designed
to be a faster language than R, and DataFrames.jl  is optimized for
performance.
Syntax : The syntax of dplyr  and DataFrames.jl  is similar but not identical.
In dplyr , you chain together multiple operations using the %>% operator . In
DataFrames.jl , you typically use the |> operator to chain together multiple
operations. For example, to ﬁlter rows in dplyr , you would use the filter()
function, while in DataFrames.j l, you would use the filter()  function and
the |> operator .
Structur e: The structure of DataFrames in dplyr and DataFrames.jl is also
similar but not identical. In dplyr, DataFrames are represented as tibble
objects, which are similar to DataFrames in base R but with additional
functionality . In DataFrames.jl,  DataFrames are represented as DataFrame
objects, which are similar to tibble objects in dplyr . However , DataFrame
objects in DataFrames.jl are more ﬂexible than tibble objects in dplyr .
Overall, dplyr  and DataFrames.jl  provide similar functionality for working with
DataFrame s, but there are some differences in their syntax and structu re. The
choice of which package to use depends on the project-speciﬁc  needs as well as
individual preferences and familiarity with the programming languages.
Conclusion
The DataFrames.jl  package is a powerful tool for data manipulation in the Julia
programming language. By setting up the environment and constructing
DataFrame  objects, users can easily fetch, inspect, and manipulate data. The
package provides numerous functionalities for handling data, including ﬁltering,
merging, sorting, and aggregating data.
Moreover , DataFrames.jl  is just one of the major data manipulation frameworks
in Julia, which offers great performance and ease of use, compared to other
popular data manipulation frameworks like Pandas and R. It also has features that
make it stand out: its integration with the wider Julia ecosystem, support for
parallel processing, and ability to cope with lar ge datasets efﬁciently .
Overall, DataFrames.jl  package provides a great option for users looking for a
fast and ﬂexible data manipulati on tool, and its ease of use and performance make
it a viable alternative to other popular data manipulation frameworks in other
programming languages.
DataFrames.jl  provide s robust tools for working with missing and categori cal
data, including advanced imputation techniques. It also offers efﬁcient functions
for sorting, reshaping, joining, and performing split-apply-combine operations on
data, making it a comprehensiv e data manipulation package for Julia users. We
will learn about these in the next chapter .
Questions
What is the DataFrames.jl  package, and what are some of its key features?
How do you set up the environ ment to use the DataFrames.jl  package  in
Julia?
What are DataFrame objects, and how are they constructed in the
DataFrames.jl  package?
What are some of the techniques for fetching, inspecting, and manipulating
data in the DataFrames.jl  package?
What are the major data manipulation frameworks available in Julia, and
how does DataFrames.jl  compare to them?
How does DataFrames.jl  compare to other popular data manipulation
frameworks in other programming languages?
How does DataFrames.jl  compare to other popular data manipulation
packages in terms of performance and memory usage?
What are some advanced data manipulation techniques that can be
performed using DataFrames.jl , such as imputation or mer ging datasets?
How does DataFrames.jl  handle missing  data and what  are some of the
available methods for imputing missing values?
What are the advantages of using DataFrames.jl  for data manipulation,
compared to using other programming languages such as Python or R?
Can DataFrames.jl  handle large datasets efﬁciently ? What are some of the
tools and techniques available for optimizing performance?
How can DataFrames.jl  be used in combination with other packages and
libraries in the Julia ecosystem for advanced data analysis and modeling?
Are there any limitations or drawbacks to using DataFrames.jl  for data
manipulation? How can these be addressed or mitigated?
What are some of the functions available in DataFrames.jl  for fetching and
importing data from various sources, such as CSV  or SQL  databases?
How can one use DataFrames.jl  to perform exploratory data analysis and
inspect the contents of a datase t, such as by summarizing or visualizing its
key features?
CHAPTER  9
Working on Data in DataFrames
As data analysts and scient ists, we often encounter extensive and
complicated datasets that require preprocessing before meanin gful insights
can be obtained . In this chapte r, we will cover crucial data manipulation
techniques, including handling missing data, sorting data, reshaping data,
dealing with categorical data, splitting data into subsets, and combining data
from multiple sources.
Effectively cleaning and prepr ocessing data is critical to data analysis.
Missing data is a common issue that can have a signiﬁcant impact on the
accuracy of our analysis results. We will explore various methods for
handling missing data and discuss the best techniques to address this
problem. Additionally , we will demonstrate how to sort data in ascending or
descending order based on speciﬁc columns and how to reshape data into
more convenient formats using functions such as pivot and melt.
Categorical data requires special handling, and we will learn how to encode
categorical variables and handle their levels using the DataFrames.jl
package. We will also discuss grouping data and applying functions to
subsets of data using the split-apply-combine paradigm, which is an
effective way to summarize data and generate insights.
Finally , we will delve into the topic of joining DataFrames, where we can
combine data from multiple sources using common keys or columns. This
technique is invaluable when integrating data from different datasets into a
single DataFrame for further analysis. By the end of this chapter , you will
have a solid foundation in essential data manipulation techniques and will be
well-equipped to handle complex datasets using the DataFrames.jl package
in Julia.
Overall, masteri ng these data manipulation techniques is crucial for working
with complex datasets and deriving meaningful insights. The DataFrames.jl
package provide s a ﬂexible and powerful platform for manipulating data,
and these techniques can be applied to a wide range of datasets across
various ﬁelds, including ﬁnance, healthcare, and social sciences.
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered:
Missing data in DataFrames
Sorting data in DataFrames
Reshaping data in DataFrames
Categorical data in DataFrames
Joining data in DataFrames
Split-apply-combine data in DataFrames
Missing data in DataFrames
Missing data is a common problem in datasets and can lead to biased or
incomplete results if not handled appropriately . There are different
approaches to handle missing data, such as deleting missing values, imputing
missing values, or ignoring missing values.
Deleting missing values involv es removing rows or columns with missing
data, but it can lead to a loss of information, bias in the results, and
decreased statistical power . This method is only recommended when the
proportion of missing data is small and the missing data is randomly
distributed.
Imputing missing values involves replacing missing values with estimated
values based on statistical techniques. Single imputation methods include
mean, median, and mode imputation, while multiple imputation creates
multiple imputed datasets and provides more reliable estimates. However ,
single imputation methods can lead to biased results and underestimate the
variance of the data.
Ignoring missing values is acceptable in some cases, but it can also lead to
biased results, especially when the missing data is not random. The choice of
method depends  on the type of data, the proportion of missing values, and
the characteristi cs of the dataset. Handling missing data is an essential step
in data preprocessing and requires careful consideration and appropriate
techniques.
Missing values in Julia
In Julia,  missing values in data are represented using the object missing,
which is the single instance of the type Missing. The Missing type lets users
create vectors and DataFrame columns with missing values.
To create a vector with a missing value, we can use the following code:
julia> using DataFrames
julia> x = [1, 2, missing]
3-element Vector{Union{Missing, Int64}}:
1
2
missing
The element type of the returned vector is Union{Missing, Int64}. We can
exclude missing values when performing operations by using skipmissing,
which returns a memory-efﬁcient iterator . For example:
julia> sum(skipmissing(x))
3
The coalesce function can be used to replace missing values with another
value. For example:
julia> coalesce.(x, 0)
3-element Vector{Int64}:
1
2
0
The dropmissing  and dropmissing!  functio ns can be used to remove the
rows containing missing values from a DataFrame  and either create a new
DataFrame  or mutate the original in place respectively . Here is an example:
Figure 9.1:  Create a DataFrame and use the dr opmissing() function to r emove all the missing values
By default, the dropmissing and dropmissing! functions keep the Union{T,
Missing}  element type in columns selected for row removal. To remove the
Missing part, if present, set the disallowmissing  keyword ar gument to true.
Finally , it is possible to allow or disallow support of missing values in some
columns of a DataFrame using the allowmissing , allowmissing! ,
disallowmissing , and disallowmissing ! functions. For example:
Figure 9.2:  Create a DataFrame and allow missing values in the DataFrame
Now df allows missing values in all its columns. We can take advantage of
this fact and set some of the values in df to missing. Let’s take the example
DataFrame  df = DataFrame(x=1:3, y=4:6) which has no missing values
initially . To allow missing values in all columns, we use allowmissing!(df)
which modiﬁes the DataFrame in place. Now , we can set some values to
missing, for example, df[1, 1] = missing .
The Julia language provides functions to allow or disallow missing values in
a DataFrame . These function s are useful when dealing with data that may
have missing values in some columns, but not in others. The allowmissing ,
allowmissing! , disallowmissing , and disallowmissing!  functions can be
used to allow or disallow missing values in a DataFrame .
To disallow missing values in some columns, we can use the
disallowmissing  function. If we want to disallow missing values in column
:y, we can use disallowmissing(df, :y). This creates a new DataFrame
with the speciﬁed column(s) disallowed missing values. If we want to
modify the original DataFrame  in place, we use disallowmissing!(df,
:y).
Figure 9.3:  Disallowing() function doesn’ t allow missing values in particular columns
If we want to disallow missing  values in all columns that do not contain
them, we can use disallowmissing(df, error=false)  which keeps the
columns that have some missing values unchanged without having to list
them explicitly .
Figure 9.4:  passmissing() function allows the missing values in the DataFrame
The Missings.jl  package provides additional convenience functions for
working with missing values. passmissing is a higher -order function that
takes a function as an argument and returns a new function that returns
missing if any of its positional arguments are missing and applies the
function otherw ise. This is useful when working with functions that do not
support missing values as ar guments.
Here are some code samples to illustrate the usage of these functions:
Figure 9.5:  Missing package installed with the missing value
The replace function returns an iterator that replaces missing elements with
another value. The nonmissing type function returns the element type in
Union{T, Missing} . The missings function constructs vectors and arrays
supporting missing values, using the optional ﬁrst argument to specify the
element type.
Figure 9.6:  missing() function r eturning missing values r ow-wise
Sorting data in DataFrames
Sorting data is an important operation in working with datasets , as it allows
you to organize the data in a meaningful way, making it easier to analyze and
visualize. In Julia, sorting data in a DataFrame or a Vector is straightforward
using the sort  and sort!  functions from the Base library .
Sorting a Vector
To sort a vector , we can use the sort function. The sort function returns a
sorted copy of the original vector , leaving the original vector unmodiﬁed.
For example, suppose we have the following vector of numbers. To sort the
vector in ascending order , we can call the sort function as follows:
Figure 9.7:  The sort() function is used to sort all the numbers in ascending or der
To sort the vector in descending order , we can pass the rev=true  (here rev
means reverse) keyword ar gument to the sort function:
Figure 9.8:  The r ev keywor d is used to r everse the or der, that is, sort in a descending or der
Sorting a DataFrame
Sorting is the process of arranging items in a particular order . In data
analysis, sorting  is a fundamental component to better understand the data.
Basic sorting in Julia is a trivial task, which can be done using the sort!
function. The sort! function sorts all columns of a DataFrame in place.
We’re creating a DataFrame  from german.csv  which contains information
about Germany . The following code reads the CSV  ﬁle contain ing the data
and stores it in the german  DataFrame :
Figure 9.9:  Introducing the german dataset
To sort the german  DataFrame  in place, we can use the sort!  function:
Figure 9.10:  Sorting the german dataset in ascending or der in place
This sorts the DataFrame  lexicog raphically with respect to the ﬁrst column.
Since, in the german  dataset, the ﬁrst column is ids, and it is already in
ascending order , you can see no change in the DataFrame .
Alternatively , we can create a new DataFrame with sorted vectors using the
sort  function. This function returns a new DataFrame with sorted columns,
leaving the original DataFrame  unmodiﬁed.
Figure 9.1 1: Sorting the german dataset in ascending or der with r espect to the id column
We can also sort a DataFram e based on speciﬁc columns. The sort!
function accepts a by keyword argument to specify the columns to use for
sorting. The by argument takes a tuple of column names or numbers, and the
sorting is done based on the order of the columns in the tuple. For example,
to sort the Germ an DataFrame  by the Age column, we can use the following
code:
sort!(::OrderedCollections.OrderedDict; byvalue, args…)
In Julia, using a colon (:) in front of a symbol is a shorthand for creating a
Symbol, which is a type of object used to represent identiﬁers in Julia. A
symbol is often used to refer to a name or label without evaluati ng it. On the
other hand, using double quotes (“ “) creates a string. Here, :Age  is a symbol
representing the identiﬁer “Age”, and “credit amount ” is a string
representing the label “credit amount ”. In many conte xts, especially in data
analysis or machine learning libraries, you might encounter a syntax like this
when specifying column names or features.
Figure 9.12:  Sorting the german dataset in place in ascending or der with r espect to the age column
This code sorts the German DataFrame based on the Age column in
ascending order .
To sort a DataFrame in descen ding order , we can use the rev function to
reverse the order of the sorting. For example, to sort the German DataFrame
based on the Age column in descending order , we can use the following
code:
Figure 9.13:  Sorting the german dataset in place in descending or der with r espect to the age column
This code sorts the german  DataFrame  based on the Age column in
descending order .
Figure 9.14:  Sorting the German dataset in place in descending or der with r espect to the age and
credit amount
You can pass rev as an array of boolean values as well. Check the difference
between the two images.
Figure 9.15:  Sorting the german dataset in place in descending or der with r espect to the age and
ascending or der with r espect to the cr edit amount
We can use keywords such as order , by and Cols , All, Not, Between , and so
on, for sorting DataFrame :
Figure 9.16:  Sorting the german dataset in place by length of the values of the Housing column and
descending or der with r espect to job
In summary , sorting is a crucial part of data analysis. Julia provides a variety
of funct ions to sort DataFrames based on speciﬁc columns in ascending or
descending order. The sort!  function can sort all columns of a DataFrame in
place, while the sort function returns a new DataFrame with sorted columns,
leaving the original DataFrame unmodiﬁed.
Reshaping data in DataFrames
Reshaping data in a DataFrame refers to the process of transforming the
structure of the DataFrame to make it easier to analyze and visualize. There
are several ways to reshape data in DataFrames, includi ng pivoting,
stacking, and melting.
Pivoting: Pivoti ng is the process of transforming a DataFrame from a
long format to a wide format. In a long format DataFrame, each row
represents a unique observation,  and each column represents a variable.
In a wide forma t DataFrame, each row represents a unique variable,
and each column represents an observation. To pivot a DataFrame, we
use the pivot()  method and specify the index, columns, and values we
want to use.
Stacking: Stacking is the process of transforming a DataFrame from a
wide format to a long format. To stack a DataFrame, we use the
stack()  method.
Melting: Melting is the process of transforming a DataFrame from a
wide format to a long format by unpivoting it. It is similar to stacking,
but it allows us to specify which columns we want to use as the
identiﬁers and which columns we want to melt. To melt a DataFrame,
we use the melt()  method and specify the id_vars , value_vars ,
var_name , and value_name  parameters.
Reshaping data in DataFrames can be useful for several reasons. For
example, it can help us to better understand the relationsh ips between
variables, compare different observations or groups, and perform various
types of analysis and visualization.
Reshaping data in Julia
The stack()  functio n in Julia’ s DataFrames package is used to convert a
wide-format DataFrame  into a long-form at DataFrame . This means that the
function can be used to transfo rm a DataFrame where columns represent
multiple variables to a DataFrame where those variables are stacked in a
single column. The stack()  function takes two arguments, the ﬁrst being the
DataFrame to be transformed, and the second is an optional argument that
speciﬁes the columns that are to be stacked. You can look into
https://csv .juliadata.or g/stable/reading.html#CSV .read  to better understand
“..” passed as a parameter .
Here is some code that demonstrates the use of the stack()  function in Julia:
julia> using DataFrames, CSV
# Load the german dataset
julia> german = CSV.read(joinpath(dirname(pathof(DataFrames)),
“..”, “docs”, “src”, “assets”, “german.csv”), DataFrame)
# Print the first few rows of the original german DataFrame
julia> @show german[1:5, :]

Figure 9.17:  Viewing the german dataset fr om the 1st r ow to the 5th r ow
# Convert the german DataFrame from wide format to long format
julia> long_german = stack(german, 1:4)
Figure 9.18:  Viewing the german dataset without the ﬁrst four columns
# Print the first few rows of the long_german DataFrame
julia> @show long_german[1:5, :]
Figure 9.19:  Viewing the german dataset fr om the 1st r ow to the 5th r ow
In this example, the CSV.read()  function is used to load the german dataset
from a CSV  ﬁle. The stack()  function is then used to transform the
DataFrame from  a wide format to a long format. The 1:4 argument speciﬁes
that the ﬁrst four columns of the DataFrame shou ld be stacked. The resulting
DataFrame, long_german , has eight columns: Housing, Saving accounts,
Checking account , Credit amount , Duration , Purpose , variable , and
value . The Housing , Saving accounts , Checking account , Credit
amount , Duration , and Purpose  columns contain the values that were
originally in the respective columns of the wide format DataFrame. The
variable column  contains the names of the columns that were stacked, which
in this case are id, Age, Sex, and Job. The value column contains the values
that were originally in the columns that were stacked.
The stack function is a useful tool for converting data from a wide format to
a long format. It is easy to use and can be applied to a variety of datasets
with multiple columns representing the same variable.
unstack is a function that conv erts a long-format DataFrame  into a wide-
format DataFrame . The long-format DataFrame  has a column for each
variable, and each row contains  values for these variables. In contrast, the
wide-format DataFrame  has a column  for each varia ble, and each row
represents a single observation.  The unstack function is used to convert a
long-format DataFrame  into a wide-format DataFrame  by pivoting the data
based on speciﬁed columns.
Figure 9.20:  Viewing the german dataset after unstacking the columns
In the given code sample, the unstack function is applied to a long-format
DataFrame  long_german . The function is called with three arguments, which
specify the columns that will be used for id variables, column variable
names, and column values, respectively . The ﬁrst argument is :id, which
speciﬁes that the id column should be used as the id variable.  The second
argument is :variable, which speciﬁes that the variable column should be
used as the column variable names. The third argument is :value , which
speciﬁes that the value column should be used as the column values.
The resulting DataFrame  will have the id column as the ﬁrst column and
columns for each unique value in the variable column. If a cell does not have
a value for a particular combina tion of id and variable, the cell will contain a
missing value.
Figure 9.21:  Viewing the german dataset after unstacking columns without mentioning id, value, or
variable
If the remaining columns are unique, we can skip the id variable, it will
produce the same results. This will pivot the long_german DataFrame  so
that each unique value in the variable column becomes a row, and the values
in the id and other remaining columns become the column names. The
resulting DataFr ame will have a row for each unique value in the variable
column and columns for each unique value in the id and other remaining
columns.
The stack functi on in Julia is used to stack columns of a DataFrame on top
of each other , creating a new DataFrame with a single column of values and
a column of “keys” indicating which original column each value came from.
By default, the resulting DataFr ame is a copy of the original data, meaning
that it takes up additional memory . However , passing view=true to stack
returns a DataFrame whose columns  are views into the original wide
DataFrame. This means that the new DataFrame takes up less memory since
it does not create a copy of the original data.
Categorical data in DataFrames
In data analysis,  we often encou nter DataFrames with columns that contain
only a small number of unique values. Instead of representing  each unique
value as a string in a vector , we can use a more memory- efﬁcient and
computationally efﬁcient representation by replacing the strings with indices
into a small pool of levels.
Julia provides two types of arrays for level pooling: PooledV ector from
PooledArrays.jl  and CategoricalV ector from CategoricalArrays.jl .
PooledV ector is designed solely for data compression purposes, while
CategoricalV ector provides full support for working with categorical
variables, both with unordered (nominal variables) and ordered categories
(ordinal variab les). CategoricalV ector only allows AbstractString ,
AbstractChar , or Number element types, optionally in a union with
Missing.
In CategoricalArrays.jl , we can create a CategoricalVector  using the
categorical function. We can pass in a vector of values, and it will create a
CategoricalVector  with the same values, but the values will be encoded as
indices into a pool of levels. The resulting CategoricalVector  will have
lower memory usage and higher performance than a plain vector of strings.
Here is an example of creating a CategoricalVector :
Figure 9.22:  categorizing data with Categorical Arrays
We can see that cv is a CategoricalArray  with the same values as v but
with a more efﬁcient encoding.
We can use the levels function to retrieve the pool of levels.
Figure 9.23:  The levels() function r eturns unique values in the categorical array
This returns an array of the unique values in cv .
Overall, using CategoricalVectors  instead  of plain vectors of strings can
lead to signiﬁcant memory savings and performance improvements,
especially when dealing with lar ge datasets.
A CategoricalVector  in Julia is a type of array that allows for efﬁcient
storage and manipulation of data that takes on a small number of levels.
CategoricalVectors  can also support missing values.
In the code sample provided, we create a CategoricalVector  cv from a
regular vector that includes some missing values. We can determine the
allowed levels in cv using the levels function. In this case, there are two
levels: “Group A” and “Group B”. We can change the order of appearance of
the levels using the levels!  function. We can also compress the
CategoricalVector  to use less memory by calling the compress function.
Figure 9.24:  The levels() function r eturns unique values in the categorical array
Additionally , we can create an ordered CategoricalVector  by setting the
ordered keyword argument to true in the categorical function. An ordered
CategoricalVector  allows for comparisons between levels using the <
operator . We can check if a CategoricalVector  is ordered using the
isordered functi on and change between ordered and unordered using the
ordered!  function.
Figure 9.25:  The or dered() function maintains the or der of the categorical arrays
Joining data in DataFrames
When working with data, it is often necessary to combine multiple data sets
to get a more complete picture. This can be done using joins, which combine
rows from different data sets based on a common key. In Julia,
DataFrames.jl  provides several functions for performing different types of
joins:
innerjoin: returns rows for values of the key that exist in all
DataFrames.
leftjoin: returns  rows for values of the key that exist in the ﬁrst
DataFrame, whether or not that value exists in the second DataFrame.
rightjoin: return s rows for values of the key that exist in the second
DataFrame, whether or not that value exists in the ﬁrst DataFrame.
outerjoin: return s rows for values of the key that exist in any of the
DataFrames.
semijoin: like an inner join, but the output is restricted to colum ns from
the ﬁrst DataFrame.
antijoin: returns  rows for values of the key that exist in the ﬁrst
DataFrame but not the second DataFrame. As with semijoin, the output
is restricted to columns from the ﬁrst DataFrame.
crossjoin: returns the cartesian product of rows from all DataFrames.
Here are some examples of using these functions with two data sets:
Figure 9.26:  creates two DataFrames named house and occupation

Figure 9.27:  inner , outer , left and right join on the mentioned DataFrames
Figure 9.28:  semi, anti and cr ossjoin on the mentioned DataFrames
In these examples, house and occupation are deﬁned as DataFrames, each
with a Name column. The on parameter is used to specify the key column
for the join. Cross joins are the only kind of join that does not use an on key
`:`.
When joining two DataFrames, it’s common to use a key column to match
up rows  from each table. How ever, sometimes the key column may have
different names in the left and right tables, which can make it difﬁcult to join
them.
To solve  this problem, you can pass pairs of left and right key column names
to the on argument. This syntax  uses a special arrow (=>) to associate each
left key column name with the corresponding right key column name.
Figure 9.29:  inner join varieties with separate column names but similar column values
However , when there are duplicate keys in the DataFrames, the join
operation can result in multiple  rows being created. To avoid this, you can
set the validate argument to true when performing the join. This will check
that the columns passed as the on argument deﬁne unique keys in each input
DataFrame.
Figure 9.30:  inner join varieties with separate column names but similar column values and keeping
single key rather than multiple duplicate keys
Finally , if you want to keep track of the source DataFrame  for each row in
the resulting DataFrame , you can use the source argument. This adds a
column to the resulting DataFrame  indicating whether the given  row
appeared only in the left, the right or both DataFrames.
When joining two DataFrames, it is often useful to keep track of the source
of each column. To do this, you can pass the renamecols keyword argument
to the join function.
The ﬁrst exampl e shows how to add a sufﬁx to the column names to indicate
their source. The sufﬁx is added using a pair of left => right pairs, where the
left side is the sufﬁx for columns from the left table and the right side is the
sufﬁx for columns from the right table.
Figure 9.31:  inner join varieties with separate column names with newer r enamed column names
This changes the ﬁrst column name to lowercase and the last column name
to uppercase.
Figure 9.32:  inner join varieties with separate column names with newer r enamed column names
When joining two DataFrames,  if there are duplicate values for the joining
columns in one or both DataFr ames, then the join operation may produce
unexpected results. Speciﬁcally , when using innerjoin , outerjoin ,
leftjoin  or rightjoin , all possible combinations of matching rows will be
produced.
To avoid such unexpected results, the validate keyword argument can be
used. This argument takes a two-element tuple or pair of Boolean values,
where each elem ent correspond s to one of the input DataFrames. If set to
true, it checks whether the joining columns in each DataFrame contain
unique keys (that is, no duplicates). If duplicates are found, an error is raised
and the join operation is not performed. As the joining columns in both input
DataFrames contain duplicates, an error is raised as it produces 4 rows
instead of 2 due to duplicates in City/London and Job/Lawyer .
Figure 9.33:  inner join varieties with separate column names with newer r enamed column names
We use the validate argument in an innerjoin operation. In this example, the
on argument is set to join two pairs of columns, and validate is set to (true ,
true) .
Figure 9.34:  inner join varieties with separate column names with newer r enamed column name
values and keeping single key rather than multiple duplicate keys
The source keyword argument can be used to add a column to the resulting
DataFrame indic ating the source of each row (whether it appears only on the
left, only on the right, or in both input DataFrames).
julia> a = DataFrame(ID=[20, 40], Name=[“John”, “Jane”])
julia> b = DataFrame(ID=[20, 60], Job=[“Lawyer”, “Doctor”])
julia> outerjoin(a, b, on=:ID, validate=(true, true),
source=:source)
The code produces a DataFrame with 3 rows, indicating that the row with
ID=20 appears in both input DataFrames and the rows with ID=40 and
ID=60 appear only in the left and right input DataFrames, respectively .
Figure 9.35:  inner join varieties with separate column names with newer r enamed column name
values and keeping single key rather than multiple duplicate keys with a deﬁned sour ce
When joining two DataFrames based on a common key, it is important to
handle missing values in a proper way. By default, if the key column in one
or both of the DataFrames contains missing values, you will get an error .
However , you can choose to treat missing values as equal or drop the
corresponding rows.
Let’s see how this works with some code examples. Suppose we have two
DataFrames with a common key column, but one of them contains missing
values:
julia> df1 = DataFrame(id=[1, missing, 3], a=1:3)
julia> df2 = DataFrame(id=[1, 2, missing], b=1:3)
If we try to perform an inner join on the key column, we get an error because
of the missing values
Figure 9.36:  can’ t do an inner join on unavailable columns
To treat missing values as equa l and include them in the join, we can pass
the matchmissing=:equal  keyword argument. Note that the row with the
missing id value in the second DataFrame is included in the result.
Alternatively , if we want to drop all rows with missing value s in the key
column, we can pass the matchmissing=:notequal  keyword argument. In
this case, only the row with id=1 in both DataFrames is included in the
result. The row with missing id value in the second DataFrame is dropped.
Figure 9.37:  inner join on missing data
When performin g a join operation on two DataFrames, the order of the
resulting rows is not always guaranteed. However , you can control the order
of the rows in the resulting DataFrame  by specifying the order parameter .
julia> df_left = DataFrame(id=[1, 2, 4, 5], left=1:4)
julia> df_right = DataFrame(id=[2, 1, 3, 6, 7], right=1:5)
To control the order of the rows in the resulting DataFrame, you can specify
the order parameter . By default, order is set to :unsorted, which means that
the order of rows in the resulting DataFrame  is undeﬁned. To keep the order
of the rows in the left DataFrame , pass order=:left .
Figure 9.38(a):  outer join on missing data (left)
This will produce a resulting DataFrame with rows in the same  order as the
left DataFrame. Note that in this case, keys missing  from the left table are
put after the keys present in it. Similarly , you can keep the order of the rows
in the right DataFrame by passing order=:right .

Figure 9.38(b):  outer join on missing data (right)
This will produce a resulting DataFrame with rows in the same  order as the
right DataFrame. Note that keys not present in the right table are put at the
end of the resulting DataFrame.
Split-apply-combine data in DataFrames
The Split-Apply-Combine (SAC) strategy is a framework for data analysis
tasks that involve splitting a dataset into groups, applying some functions to
each group, and then combining  the results. The SAC strategy is used in the
DataFrames.jl  package through the groupby function, which creates a
GroupedDataFrame object from a DataFrame and a set of columns to group
by. Operations can be applied to each group using functi ons such as
combine, select, and transform. These functions take a speciﬁcation of one
or more functions to apply to each subset of the DataFrame, which can be in
the form of standard column selectors, cols => function pairs, col =>
target_cols  pairs, column-independent operations, vectors or matrices
containing transformations, or a function that will be called with a
SubDataFrame or the DataFrame  itself. The output is a new DataFrame with
the results of the speciﬁed computations.
Figure 9.39:  Creating a new dataframe by combining columns of another dataframe
Computing summary statistics by group using combine()
julia> using DataFrames,Random, Statistics
# create a dataframe
julia> df = DataFrame(A = repeat([1,2,3], inner=3), B =
repeat([4,5,6], outer=3), C = rand(9))
# group by column A and compute mean of column C for each group
julia> result = combine(groupby(df, :A), :C => mean)
Figure 9.40:  creating a new DataFrame by combining columns of another DataFrame using the
combine() function
Creating new columns using select()
# create a dataframe
julia> df = DataFrame(A = repeat([1,2,3], inner=3), B =
repeat([4,5,6], outer=3), C = rand(9))
# group by column A and create new column D with mean of column
C for each group
julia> result = select(groupby(df, :A), :C => mean => :D)
Figure 9.41(a):  creating a new dataframe by combining columns of another dataframe using select()
function
Figure 9.41(b):  Creating a new DataFrame by combining columns of another DataFrame using the
select() function
Modifying existing columns using transform()
# create a dataframe
julia> df = DataFrame(A = repeat([1,2,3], inner=3), B =
repeat([4,5,6], outer=3), C = rand(9))
# group by column A and modify column C to be the difference
between column C and its mean within each group
julia> result = transform(groupby(df, :A), :C => (c -> c .-
mean(c)) => :C)
Figure 9.42:  Creating a new DataFrame by combining columns of another DataFrame using the
transform() and gr oupby() function
The SQL WHERE clause is used to ﬁlter rows from a table based on certain
conditions. In Julia, you can simulate this functionality using
SubDataFrames.
A SubDataFram e is a view of a DataFrame that contains only a subset of the
rows and/or columns. You can create a SubDataFrame using the indexing
syntax: df[row_selector, col_select or]. The row_selector  can be a
vector of Boolea n values or an integer index, while the col_selector  can be
a vector of column names or an integer index.
Once you have a SubDataFrame, you can perform operations on it just like a
regular DataFra me. The only difference is that these operations may either
create a new DataFrame or modify the original DataFrame in place,
depending on whether you use the transform  or transform!  Function.
julia> df = DataFrame(a=1:5) # create a DataFrame
julia> sdf = @view df[2:3, :]
julia> transform(sdf, :a => ByRow(string))
julia> transform!(sdf, :a => ByRow(string)) # update the
original DataFrame in-place with the new column
Figure 9.43:  Creating a new DataFrame by combining columns of another DataFrame using the
transform function
julia> df # the new column was added to the original DataFrame,
with missing values in the filtered-out rows
Figure 9.44:  Creating a new DataFrame by combining columns of another DataFrame using the
combine() function
julia> select!(sdf, :a => -, renamecols=false) # subtract a
constant from the “a” column in the SubDataFrame
Figure 9.45:  Creating a new DataFrame by combining columns of another DataFrame using the
select!() function
julia> df # the “a” column in the original DataFrame was
replaced with the modified column, reusing values in filtered-
out rows

Figure 9.46:  Creating a new DataFrame by combining columns of another DataFrame using the
select!() function
In the ﬁrst example, we create a new column in the SubDataF rame sdf by
applying the string function to each row of the column. We use the transform
function, which creates a new DataFrame with the transformed column.
In the second example, we use the transform!  function to modify a column
of the original DataFrame df  in place with the transformed column from sdf.
In the third example, we subtrac t a constant from a column of sdf using the
select!  function. We set renamecols= false to keep the original column
name. We then use select!  again to update a column of df with the
modiﬁed column from sdf.
Note that in the third and fourth examples, the modiﬁed column in df reuses
values from the original colum n in ﬁltered-out rows. This is because the
SubDataFrame is a view of the original DataFrame, and changes to the
SubDataFrame af fect the original DataFrame.
In Julia,  the groupby function allows us to group rows of a DataFrame by
one or more columns. By default, the order of groups produced by groupby
is undeﬁned. However , if we want to specify a group order , we can use the
sort keyword ar gument.
julia> df = DataFrame(customer_id = [“a”, “b”, “b”, “b”, “c”,
“c”],
transaction_id = [12, 15, 19, 17, 13, 11],
volume = [2, 3, 1, 4, 5, 9])
Figure 9.47:  Output
We can then group the rows by the volume column
julia> groupby(df, :volume)
By default, the order of groups is undeﬁned. We can pass the sort keyword
argument to specify the group order
julia> groupby(df, :volume, sort=true)
Figure 9.48:  creating a new DataFrame by combining columns of another DataFrame using the
groupby() function
Alternatively , we can use the order wrapper when passing a column name to
a group by:
julia> groupby(df, [:customer_id, order(:volume, rev=true)])
We can also pass a named tuple  as the sort keyword argument. The named
tuple can contain one or more of the following ﬁelds:
alg: the sorting algorithm (default is sort)
lt: the comparison function (default is <)
by: the transformation function (default is identity)
rev: a boolean ﬂag indicating whether to sort in reverse order (default is
false)
order: the order in which to sort the elements (default is sortperm, you
can look into
https://dataframes.juliadata.or g/stable/lib/functions/#Base.sortperm  to
better understand sortperm)
For example, to sort the groups in reverse order of the volume column, we
can pass the named tuple (rev=true,).
julia> groupby(df, :customer_id, sort=(rev=true,))
Figure 9.49:  creating a new DataFrame by combining columns of another DataFrame using the
groupby() function
Conclusion
The chapter covers important aspects of data analysis using DataFrames in
Julia, including handling missin g data, sorting data, reshaping data, working
with categorical data, joining data, and split-apply-combine data analysis.
The Missings.jl package is used for handling missing data while sorting is
done using the sort and sort! functions. The melt and pivot functions are
used for reshaping data, and the CategoricalArrays.jl package is used for
working with categorical data. Joining DataFrames is done using the join
function, while split-apply-combine data analysis is done using  the groupby
and combine functions. These techniques can help data analysts gain
valuable insights from their data.
In the next chapter , we will learn about visualizing data. Julia has several
powerful data visualization libraries such as Plots.jl that provide a wide
range of options for creating interactive and high-quality plots and charts.
These libraries allow for easy integration with Julia’ s data manipulation and
analysis tools, making it an excellent choice for data visualization.
Questions
1. How do you detect and remove missing values in Julia DataFrames?
2. Can you sort a DataFrame by multiple columns in Julia?
3. How do you sort a DataFrame by a custom order speciﬁed by the user?
4. What are some common use cases for reshaping data in Julia
DataFrames?
5. How do you handle missing data when reshaping data in Julia
DataFrames?
6. How do you convert a column in a Julia DataFrame to a categorical
data type?
7. How do you group and summ arize data in a Julia DataFrame using
categorical variables?
8. How do you handle missing values when joining DataFrames in Julia?
9. How do you split a Julia DataFr ame into groups based on one or more
columns?
10. What are some common aggregation functions used in the apply  step of
split-apply-combine in Julia DataFrames?
CHAPTER 10
Visualizing Data in Julia
Visualization is an essential aspect of data analysis and communication. In
the realm of scientiﬁc computing, the ability to create rich, interactive
visualizations of complex data sets is crucial. Julia, a high-performance
programming language for numerical computing, provides a variety of tools
for creating stunning visualizations.
We will introduce Plot.jl, a powerful and ﬂexible plotting package that
provides a wide variety of plot types and customization optio ns. We will
explore various plot types, including scatter plots, bar charts, and heat maps,
and see how they can be used to represent different types of data. Finally , we
will demonstrate how to create a recipe using Plot.jl, which allows us to
quickly reproduce complex visualizations with just a few lines of code.
StatsPlots.jl is a popular data visualization package in the Julia programming
language that provides a user-friendly and versatile interface  for creating
statistical plots. It builds on top of the widely used plotting library, Plots.jl,
and incorporates many common statistical plot types such as scatter plots,
histograms, box plots, and heatmaps. With StatsPlots.jl, users can easily
customize their plots with different colors, themes, and annotations to
effectively communicate their data insights. Additionally , StatsPlots.jl also
supports statistical transformations, such as log scales and probability
distributions, to enhance data visualization and analysis.
By the end of this chapter , you will have a solid understanding of the key
features of Plots.jl and StatsPlot s.jl and how they can be used to create high-
quality visualizations in Julia.
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered:
Introducing Plots.jl
Installing Plots.jl
Plots.jl package
Attributes in plotting
Scatter plots in Plots.jl
Plotting backends
Subplots in Plots.jl
Recipes using Plots.jl
Recipes using StatsPlots.jl
Contour Plots
Histograms in Plots.jl
Introducing Plot.jl
Data visualizati on has evolved signiﬁcantly over the years, with plotting
software making trade-of fs between various features such as simplicity ,
speed, beauty , and static or dynamic interfaces. While some packages
generate a display that remains unchanged, others make real-time updates.
Plots.jl is a visualization interface and toolset that sits above various
backends, conne cting commands with implementation. This package allows
you to switch between backends such as GR, PythonPlot, PGFPlotsX, or
Plotly , without having to alter your code or learn a new syntax. With its
powerful, intuitive, concise, ﬂexible, consistent, lightweight , and smart
features, Plots.jl makes complex visualizations easy while maintaining
modularity and separation of front-end code, algorithms, and backend
graphics through the use of a preprocessing pipeline.
Plot.jl is a powerful and ﬂexib le plotting package for Julia, designed to
create a wide variety of high-qu ality plots with minimal boilerplate code. It
provides a simple, consistent interface for creating a wide range of plot
types, including scatter plots, line plots, bar charts, histograms, heat maps,
and more.
One of the key strengths of Plot.jl is its extensive support for customization.
Users can customize almost every aspect of their plots, including the colors,
line styles, marker types, fonts, and axis labels. The package also provides a
range of layout options, making  it easy to arrange multiple plots on a single
page.
Plot.jl is built on top of the GR.jl graphics library , which provides a fast,
high-quality rendering engine. This makes it possible to create interactive,
high-resolution plots that can be used in scientiﬁc publications,
presentations, or web applications.
Another notable feature of Plot.jl is its support for statistical plotting. It
provides several functions for creating statistical plots, such as box plots,
violin plots, and error bars, which can help users explore and analyze
complex datasets.
In addition to its core functionality , Plot.jl is also highly extensible, with a
large ecosystem  of community-developed packages that provid e additional
functionality , such as advanced statistical plotting, 3D plotting, and
animations.
Installing Plots.jl
Installing the Plots.jl package is a straightforward process. First, you need to
have Julia installed on your system. Once you have installed Julia, you can
launch the Julia REPL  (read-eval-print loop) by typing “julia” on the
terminal.
Next, you need to install the Plots package by typing the following
command in the Julia REPL:
julia> using Pkg
julia> Pkg.add(“Plots”)
This command will download  and install the Plots package and all its
dependencies.
After the install ation is complete, you can load the Plots package by typing
the following command in the Julia REPL:
julia> using Plots
This command will load the Plots package and make all its functions
available for use. You can now start creating beautiful and interactive
visualizations using the Plots package in Julia.
We can customize the Plots package by choosing a speciﬁc backend or
overriding defau lt settings. A backend is a speciﬁc library or tool that Plots
uses to create the visualizations. For example, some of the available
backends are GR, PGFPlotsX, and PlotlyJS. To choose a back end, we can
use a command like gr()  or plotly() , followed by optional parameters such
as size, legend,  or ticks. These  parameters can be used to customize the
visual appearance of the plot. If you want to use a speciﬁ c backe nd as the
default, you can set an environment variable in your
~/.julia/config/startup.jl  ﬁle.
Plots.jl package
The Plots packa ge provides a simple and ﬂexible way to create plots in Julia.
To create a plot, you can use the plot function, which takes various types of
input arguments . For instance, you can pass in a single number to create an
empty plot object with that many series, or a matrix to create a plot with
multiple series. You can also pass in functions or data to create plots with
custom series. To modify an existing plot, you can use the plot! function,
which takes similar arguments as the plot. The plot object is not displayed
automatically but can be shown by returning it to a REPL  prom pt or IJulia
cell.
julia> # Create an empty plot object
p = plot()
Warning: Ignoring XDG_SESSION_TYPE=wayland on Gnome. Use
QT_QPA_PLATFORM=wayland to run on Wayland anyway.
julia> # Add a scatter plot to the existing plot object
x = rand(10)
10-element Vector{Float64}:
julia> y = rand(10)
10-element Vector{Float64}:
julia> plot!(p, x, y, seriestype=:scatter)
julia> # Add a line plot to the existing plot object
z = sin.(x)
10-element Vector{Float64}:
julia> plot!(p, x, z, seriestype=:line)
julia> # Show the plot
display(p)
This code outputs a graph as Figur e 10.1 .
Figure 10.1:  Simple plot with random x and y values
Keyword arguments can be used to customize the plot appeara nce, such as
setting the color , marker , or ﬁll color for the series, as well as setting the plot
size, title, or legend. Many keyw ord arguments have aliases for convenience,
and some special arguments can set multiple properties at once. Additionally ,
some arguments  can accept multiple types of input, such as color names,
color gradients,  or vectors of colors or symbols. Understanding these
keyword argume nts is important for creating custom and visually appealing
plots.
julia> plot(rand(10, 5)) #Plot 5 series with x-axis values 1:10
Figure 10.2:  Plot for 5 series with x-axis values ranging between 1 and 10
We can also use keyword arguments to customize plots. These arguments
can be used to change properties such as colors, markers, labels, legends,
and more. Here is an example:
julia> using Plots
julia> # Plot a scatter plot with custom color and marker
julia> x = rand(10)
julia> y = rand(10)
julia> plot(x, y, color=:red, marker=:circle)
Figure 10.3:  A scatter plot with custom color and marker
julia> # Plot a line plot with custom labels and legend
julia> z = sin.(x)
julia> plot(x, z, label=”sin(x)”, xlabel=”x”, ylabel=”y”)
Figure 10.4:  A line plot with custom labels and legend
Note that the color and marker arguments are examples of keyword
arguments that accept symbols  as input. Other keyword arguments may
accept dif ferent types of input.
In Plots.jl, you can save your plots using the savefig  command. By default,
if the plot variable is not speciﬁed, the global CURRENT_PLOT  is used
automatically . The savefig  command takes the ﬁlename and extension as its
arguments, and it saves the current plot in the speciﬁed format. For example,
to save the current plot as a PNG ﬁle, you can use the following code:
julia> savefig(“myplot.png”)
“/home/dnabanita7/myplot.png”
julia> png(“myplot”)
“myplot.png”
julia> savefig(p, “myplot.pdf”)
You can also save a speciﬁc plot object p as a png ﬁle. In addition to
savefig , there are other convenience functions such as png()  that allow you
to save your plots without specifying the extension.
Attributes in plotting
Plots.jl is a plotting package in Julia that allows for the easy customization
of plots through  the use of attributes. Attributes are modiﬁers to plots that
can be applied using positional and keyword arguments, or through modiﬁer
functions. Positional arguments correspond to input data, while keyword
arguments correspond to attributes.
For exam ple, to change the line width of a plot, we can use the linewidth
attribute (or its alias lw) as a keyword ar gument, like this:
julia> x = range(0, 10, length=100)
julia> y1 = sin.(x)
julia> y2 = cos.(x)
julia> plot(x, [y1 y2], title=”Trigonometric functions”, label=
[“sin(x)” “cos(x)”], linewidth=3)
Figure 10.5:  A plot with various attributes added
Attributes can also be used to modify other aspects of a plot, such as axis
labels, legend position, and line styles. For example, to add a label for the x-
axis, we can use the xlabel attribute as a keyword argument or the xlabel!
modiﬁer function. Similarly , to change the legend position to be outside the
plot and to have three columns, we can use the legend and legendcolumns
attributes.
julia> xlabel!(“x”)
julia> plot!(legend=:outerbottom, legendcolumns=2)
Figure 10.6:  A plot with various attributes added with legend and labeled x-axis
In addit ion, Plots.jl works with LaTeXStrings.jl  to allow for LaTeX-
formatted equat ion strings to be used in plots. To use LaTeXStrings.jl ,
simply install it with Pkg.add(“LaTeXStrings”)  and prepend L to the
LaTeX-formatted string.
(@v1.9) pkg> add LaTeXStrings
julia> using LaTeXStrings
julia> x = 10 .^ range(0, 4, length=100)
julia> y = @. 1/(1+x)
julia> plot(x, y, label=L”\frac{1}{1+x}”)
julia> plot!(xscale=:log10, yscale=:log10, minorgrid=true)
julia> title!(L”Log-log plot of $\frac{1}{1+x}$”)
julia> xlims!(1e+0, 1e+4)
julia> ylims!(1e-5, 1e+0)
julia> xlabel!(L”x”)
julia> ylabel!(L”y”)
Figure 10.7:  A plot with logarithmic graph
Plots.jl allows for logarithmic scale plots to be created using the xscale and
yscale attributes. These attributes can be set to :log10 to create a log-log
plot, or :identity  to keep  the scale linear . Care should be taken to ensure
that the data and limits are positive.
Scatter plots in Plots.jl
In Plots. jl, there  are different options for plotting data, and line plots are the
traditional way. However , there are other options called “series types,” and
one common type is a scatter plot that displays individual data points.
For example, we can deﬁne a sine function and create a vector called
y_noisy  that adds some randomness. To change from a line plot to a scatter
plot, we can use the seriestype  attribute, or use the shorthand  function
scatter!.
The series types available depend on the backend used. Additionally , other
libraries can add new series types using recipes.
In the example code, the text provides common attributes used in scatter
plots, such as line color (lc), line width (lw), marker color (mc), marker size
(ms), and marker alpha (ma).
The ﬁnal example code provid ed puts everything together and creates a
scatter plot with a sine function and some noisy data points. The plot is
customized with different colors, marker sizes, and a legend. The plot is also
given a title, and the x and y axes are labeled  to make it easier to interpret the
data.
julia> using Plots
# Define a range of values for the x-axis
julia> x = range(0, 10, length=100)
# Define a sine function for the y-axis
julia> y = sin.(x)
# Add some noise to the sine function to create a “noisy”
dataset
julia> y_noisy = @. sin(x) + 0.1*randn()
# Create a basic line plot of the sine function
julia> plot(x, y, label=”sin(x)”)
# Change the plot type to a scatter plot and add the noisy
dataset
julia> scatter!(x, y_noisy, label=”data”)
# Customize the plot with different colors, marker sizes, and a
legend
julia> plot!(
legend=:bottomleft, # Position the legend in the bottom-left
corner
title=”Sine with noise”, # Add a title to the plot
xlabel=”x”, # Label the x-axis
ylabel=”y”, # Label the y-axis
lc=:black, lw=2, # Customize the line color and width of the
sine function
mc=:red, ms=2, ma=0.5, # Customize the marker color, size, and
transparency of the noisy data
)
Figure 10.8:  A plot with sine graph with random data
This code deﬁne s a range of x values and a corresponding sine function for
the y values. It then adds some random noise to the sine function to create a
new dataset, y_noisy .
The code ﬁrst creates a basic line plot of the sine function using the plot
function. It then changes the plot type to a scatter plot using the seriestype
attribute with the value :scatter . The scatter! function can also be used to
create the scatter plot directly .
Finally , the code customizes the plot using various attributes like legend,
title, xlabel, ylabel, lc, lw, mc, ms, and ma. These attributes control the
appearance of the plot, like the position and content of the legend, the color
and width of the sine function line, and the color , size, and transparency of
the noisy data points.
This code should produce a scatter plot with a sine function and some noisy
data points, like the example provided in the original text.
Plotting backends
Plots.jl is a package that acts as an interface over multiple plotting libraries,
which are called backends. The purpose of Plots.jl is to interpret your plot
commands and generate the plot using one of the supported backends. This
means you can use the same syntax across different plotting libraries, which
is very convenient.
The default backend is GR, but you can easily switch to a different backend
if you want. For example, if you want to use Plotly , you can install the
package by running Pkg.add(“PlotlyJS”)  in the REPL. Then, you can set
the back end to Plotly  by calling the plotlyjs()  functio n. Similarly , you
can switch back to GR by calling the gr() function.
Each backend has its features and limitations. For example, some backends
like Plotly  provide  interactive plots, while others like GR are better at
dealing with large datasets. Some backends can create 3D plots,  while others
are limited to 2D. Additionally , some backends like GR can save plots as
vector graphics, while others like Plotly  can only save plots as PNG
images.
Here’ s an example of how to switch between backends and create plots using
different backends:
julia> using Plots
# Set the backend to Plotly
julia> plotlyjs()
Plots.PlotlyJSBackend()
# Create a plot using Plotly
julia> x = range(0, 10, length=100)
julia> y = sin.(x)
julia> y_noisy = @. sin(x) + 0.1*randn()
julia> plot(x, y, label=”sin(x)”, lc=:black, lw=2)
[ Info: Listening on: 127.0.0.1:9171, thread id: 1
Figure 10.9:  A plot with sine graph
julia> scatter!(x, y_noisy, label=”data”, mc=:red, ms=2,
ma=0.5)
Figure 10.10:  A plot with sine graph with random data
julia> plot!(legend=:bottomleft)
julia> title!(“Sine with noise, plotted with Plotly”)
julia> xlabel!(“x”)
julia> ylabel!(“y”)
# Save the plot to a PNG file
julia> savefig(“plotlyjs_tutorial.png”)
“/home/dnabanita7/plotlyjs_tutorial.png”
Figure 10.1 1: A plot with sine graph with random data which means some noise is added
# Set the backend back to GR
julia> gr()
Plots.GRBackend()
# Create a plot using GR
julia> plot(x, y, label=”sin(x)”, lc=:black, lw=2)
julia> scatter!(x, y_noisy, label=”data”, mc=:red, ms=2,
ma=0.5)
julia> plot!(legend=:bottomleft)
julia> title!(“Sine with noise, plotted with GR”)
julia> xlabel!(“x”)
julia> ylabel!(“y”)
Figure 10.12:  A plot with sine graph with random data with GR backend
Subplots in Plots.jl
To combine multiple plots as subplots, we can use layouts.  The layout
command takes  in a 2-tuple layout=(N, M) which builds an NxM grid of
plots, and it will automatically split a series to be in each plot. For example,
if we type layou t=(3, 1) on a plot with three series, then we will get three
rows of plots, each with one series in it.
Here’ s an example of how to use the layout command to plot three separate
functions in three separate plots, each with only one series, and without a
legend:
julia> x = range(0, 10, length=100)
julia> y1 = @. exp(-0.1x) * cos(4x)
julia> y2 = @. exp(-0.3x) * cos(4x)
julia> y3 = @. exp(-0.5x) * cos(4x)
julia> plot(x, [y1 y2 y3], layout=(3, 1), legend=false)
Figure 10.13:  Three subplots with exponential and cosine function
We can also use layouts on plots of plot objects. For example, we can
generate four separate plots and make a single plot that combine s them into a
2×2 grid. Here’ s an example:
julia> x = range(0, 10, length=100)
julia> y1 = @. exp(-0.1x) * cos(4x)
julia> y2 = @. exp(-0.3x) * cos(4x)
julia> y3 = @. exp(-0.1x)
julia> y4 = @. exp(-0.3x)
julia> y = [y1 y2 y3 y4]
julia> p1 = plot(x, y)
julia> p2 = plot(x, y, title=”Title 2”, lw=3)
julia> p3 = scatter(x, y, ms=2, ma=0.5, xlabel=”xlabel 3”)
julia> p4 = scatter(x, y, title=”Title 4”, ms=2, ma=0.2)
julia> plot(p1, p2, p3, p4, layout=(2,2), legend=false)
Figure 10.14:  Multiple subplots of scatter ed data
Recipes in Plots.jl
In Plots.jl, a recipe is a method for creating custom plot types or modifying
existing plot types. Recipes allow users to extend the functional ity of Plots.jl
beyond the built-in series types, and they can be used to create custom plot
types, modify plot attributes, or even create entirely new backends.
A recipe  deﬁnes how to plot data with a speciﬁc type of plot and can be
thought of as a set of instructions for creating a plot. A recipe speciﬁes how
to transform data to create the plot, what type of plot to create, and how to
customize its appearance.
Recipes can be deﬁned by users, and there are many examples of recipes
available in the Plots.jl ecosystem. The Plots.jl documentation provides
extensive guidance on how to create and use recipes to extend the
capabilities of the package.
Using Statsplots.jl recipes
Plotting recipes in Julia’ s Plots. jl framework is an extension that adds new
plot commands,  default interpretations of Julia types as plotting data, new
functions for generating plots, and new series types. Recipe libraries, such as
PlotRecipes.jl and StatsPlots.jl, provide a collection of pre-made recipes that
can be used to make advanced plots without having to write your recipes.
StatsPlots.jl is a recipe library that adds a type recipe for distributions and a
plot recipe for marginal histograms, along with several new statistical plot
series. It also provides a specialized macro, @df, that enables plotting
directly from data tables.
Here are some examples of how to use StatsPlots.jl:
Using User  Recipes : The @df macr o allows you to plot a DataFrame
directly using column names. For instance, to plot a DataFrame  with
columns a, b, and c and use a as the x-axis and plot the series deﬁned
by columns b and c, you can use the following code:
(@v1.9) pkg> add StatsPlots
julia> using StatsPlots, DataFrames
julia> df = DataFrame(a=1:10, b=10*rand(10), c=10*rand(10))
10×3 DataFrame
Row │ a   b     c
│ Int64  Float64
─────┼──────────────────────────
  1 │  1  2.17912  9.95485
  2 │  2  5.54207  3.7425
  3 │  3  5.97152  1.39592
  4 │  4  1.92392  0.581316
  5 │  5  9.95078  2.85454
  6 │  6  1.19948  3.57068
  7 │  7  1.46569  0.900923
  8 │  8  8.10511  9.94493
  9 │  9  9.38279  5.05676
10 │ 10  9.7275   8.22645
julia> @df df plot(:a, [:b :c])
Figure 10.15:  Data plotted with Statsplots.jl
Using Type Recipes: StatsPlots.jl  extends  Distributions.jl  by adding
a type recipe for its distribu tion types, so they can be directly
interpreted as plotting data. For example, to plot a normal distribution
with a mean of 3 and a standard deviation of 5, you can use the
following code:
(@v1.9) pkg> add Distributions
julia> using Distributions, StatsPlots
julia> plot(Normal(3, 5), lw=3)
Figure 10.16:  Normal distribution plotted with StatsPlots.jl
Using Plot Recipes: StatsPlots.jl  adds the marginalhist  multiplot via a
plot recipe. For example, to plot a marginal histogram for the
PetalLength  and the PetalWidth  columns of the iris dataset, you can
use the following code:
julia> using RDatasets, StatsPlots
julia> iris = dataset(“datasets”, “iris”)
julia> @df iris marginalhist(:PetalLength, :PetalWidth)
Figure 10.17:  Iris dataset plotted with StatsPlots.jl
Using Series Recipes : StatsPlots.jl introduces new series recipes. For
instance, to use the Violin plot on some random data and add a boxplot
on top, you can use the following code:
julia> using StatsPlots
julia> y = rand(100, 4)
julia> violin([“Series 1” “Series 2” “Series 3” “Series 4”], y,
legend=false)
julia> boxplot!([“Series 1” “Series 2” “Series 3” “Series 4”],
y, legend=false)
Figure 10.18:  Violin and box plots plotted with StatsPlots.jl
Contour plots
Contour plots are a way of visualizing a 3D surface on a 2D plane by using
contour lines to represent the constant values of the surface. In Julia, we can
create contour plots using the contour() function from the Plots.jl package.
Here is an example code that creates a simple contour plot:
julia> using Plots
julia> # Define a function to plot
julia> f(x, y) = x^2 + y^2
julia> # Generate x and y coordinates for the plot
julia> x = -5:0.1:5
julia> y = -5:0.1:5
julia> # Evaluate the function at each (x, y) point
julia> z = [f(xi, yj) for xi in x, yj in y]
julia> # Create the contour plot
julia> contour(x, y, z, levels=10)
Figure 10.19:  3D contour plots using the Plots.jl package
In this code, we ﬁrst deﬁne a simple function f(x, y) that we want to plot.
We then generate x and y coordinates using the range()  functio n and
evaluate the function at each point to create a 2D array z of function values.
Finally , we use the contour()  function to create the plot by passing in the x,
y, and z arrays as arguments. We also specify the number of contour levels
we want to display using the levels ar gument.
We can also customize the appearance of the plot by passing in additional
arguments to the contour()  function. For example, we can add labels to the
contour lines and change the color scheme:
julia> # Create the contour plot with customizations
julia> contour(x, y, z, levels=10, labels=true, color=:viridis)
Figure 10.20:  3D contour plots using the Plots.jl package with various attributes
In this code, we add the labels=true argument to display labels for each
contour line and change the color scheme to color=:viridis  using the color
argument.
We can also create ﬁlled conto ur plots by using the contourf()  function
instead of contour() . Here is an example:
julia> # Create a filled contour plot
julia> contourf(x, y, z, levels=10, color=:plasma)
Figure 10.21:  3D ﬁlled Contour plots using the Plots.jl package with various attributes
In this code, we use the contourf()  function instead of contour()  to creat e
a ﬁlled contour plot. We also change the color scheme to color=:plasma
using the color ar gument.
We can also create a contour plot with labeled contour lines by using the
clabels  keyword argument. The clabels  argument takes a boolean value,
indicating whet her to add labels to the contour lines or not. Here’ s an
example:
using Plots
# Define a function to plot
julia> f(x, y) = sin(x) * cos(y)
# Generate x and y coordinates for the plot
julia> x = range(-5, stop=5, length=100)
julia> y = range(-5, stop=5, length=100)
# Evaluate the function at each (x, y) point
julia> z = [f(xi, yj) for xi in x, yj in y]
# Create the contour plot
julia> contour(x, y, z, levels=10, clabels=true)
Figure 10.22:  3D Contour sub-plots using the Plots.jl package with various attributes
In this example, we’ve deﬁned a new function to plot, f(x, y) = sin(x) *
cos(y) . We’ve also changed the x and y arrays to be generated using the
range()  function with a length ar gument instead of a step ar gument.
We’ve also added the clabels=true  argume nt to the contour()  function to
add labels to the contour lines.
Finally , we can also customize  the levels at which the contour lines are
displayed by passing in an array of levels using the levels argument. Here’ s
an example:
julia> using Plots
julia> # Define a function to plot
julia> f(x, y) = sin(x) * cos(y)
julia> # Generate x and y coordinates for the plot
julia> x = range(-5, stop=5, length=100)
julia> y = range(-5, stop=5, length=100)
julia> # Evaluate the function at each (x, y) point
julia> z = [f(xi, yj) for xi in x, yj in y]
julia> # Create the contour plot with custom levels
julia> contour(x, y, z, levels=[-0.8, -0.6, -0.4, -0.2, 0, 0.2,
0.4, 0.6, 0.8], clabels=true)
Figure 10.23:  3D Contour sub-plots using the Plots.jl package with various attributes
In this example, we’ve speciﬁed a custom set of contour levels using the
levels argument . The contour lines will be displayed only at these speciﬁed
levels.
These are some  examples of how to create and customize contour plots in
Julia using the Plots.jl package.
Histograms in Plots.jl
Histograms are a way of visualizing the distribution of a dataset by showing
the frequency or proportion of values that fall within each interv al, or bin, of
the dataset. In Julia, we can create histograms using the histogram()
function from the Plots.jl package.
Here is an example code that creates a simple histogram:
julia> using Plots
julia> # Generate some random data
julia> data = randn(1000)
julia> # Create the histogram
julia> histogram(data)
Figure 10.24:  Histograms using the Plots.jl package
In this code, we ﬁrst generate a random dataset using the randn()  function.
We then pass this dataset to the histogram()  function to create the plot.
By default, the histogram()  functio n will use 10 equally spaced bins to
display the distribution of the data. We can change the numbe r of bins by
passing in the nbins  argument:
julia> # Create the histogram with 10 bins
julia> histogram(data, nbins=10)
In this code, we’ve speciﬁed that we want to use 10 bins to display the
distribution of the data.
We can also customize the appearance of the histogram by passing in
additional arguments to the histogram()  function. For example, we can
change the color of the bars and add a title to the plot:
julia> # Create the histogram with customizations
julia> histogram(data, nbins=10, color=:yellow, title=”Random
Data Histogram”)
Figure 10.25:  Histograms using the Plots.jl package with various attributes
Finally , we can create a stacked histogram by passing in multiple datasets to
the histogram()  function:
julia> # Generate two random datasets
julia> data1 = randn(1000)
julia> data2 = randn(1000) .+ 2
julia> # Create a stacked histogram
julia> histogram(data1, data2, nbins=20, normalize=true,
color=”gray”, title=”Stacked Histogram”)
Figure 10.26:  Stacked histograms using the Plots.jl package with various attributes
In this code, we’ve added the normalize=true argument to create a
normalized histogram where the area of the bars sums to 1.
In this code, we’ve generated two random datasets, data1 and data2, and
passed them both to the histogram()  function. The resulting plot is a
stacked histogram where the bars for each dataset are stacked on top of each
other .
Weighted histograms
In a weighted histogram, each data point is associated with a weight, which
determines its contribution to the histogram. The histogram()  functio n in
Julia can also be used to create weighted histograms.
Here is an example code snippet to create a weighted histogram of some
random data:
julia> using Plots
# Generate some random data with weights
julia> data = [(randn(), rand()) for i=1:1000]
# Create a weighted histogram with 10 bins
julia> histogram(data, bins=10, weights=[d[2] for d in data])
Figure 10.27:  Weighted histograms using the Plots.jl package with various attributes
In the preceding code, we ﬁrst load the Plots package. Then, we generate
some random data with weights using a list comprehension. Finally , we
create a weighted histogram of the data using the histogram()  function and
specifying the weights ar gument.
Here is another example that demonstrates some additional options:
julia> using Plots
julia> # Generate some random data with weights
julia> data = [(randn(), rand()) for i=1:1000]
julia> # Create a weighted histogram with 20 bins and a red
color
julia> histogram(data, bins=20, weights=[d[2] for d in data],
color=:red)
julia> # Add a title and labels to the plot
julia> title!(“Weighted Histogram of Random Data”)
julia> xlabel!(“Values”)
julia> ylabel!(“Weighted Frequency”)
Figure 10.28:  Weighted histograms of random data against weight fr equency of data
In this code, we create a weighted histogram with 20 bins and set the color to
red. We also add a title and labels to the plot using the title!() , xlabel!() ,
and ylabel!()  functio ns. Note that we have changed the y-axis label to
reﬂect the fact that we are now plotting weighted frequencies.
In addition to standard and weighted histograms, the Plots package in Julia
offers several other variations of histograms. Here are some examples of
these variations, along with code samples:
Stacked histograms
A stacke d histog ram shows multiple histograms stacked on top of each other ,
with the heights of each bin representing the relative contributions of
different groups. Here is an example code snippet:
julia> using Plots
julia> # Generate some random data for two groups
julia> data1 = randn(1000)
julia> data2 = randn(1000) .+ 2
julia> # Create a stacked histogram with 10 bins for each group
julia> histogram([data1, data2], bins=10, label=[“Group 1”
“Group 2”], alpha=0.6)
Figure 10.29:  Stacked histograms with various color attributes
In this code, we generate some random data for two groups and then create a
stacked histogram of the data using the histogram()  functio n with two
arrays of data as input. We also specify the number of bins, add labels for
each group, and set the transparency level using the alpha ar gument.
Overlaid histograms
An overlaid histogram shows multiple histograms overlaid on top of each
other , with different colors repre senting different groups. Here is an example
code snippet:
julia> using Plots
julia> # Generate some random data for two groups
julia> data1 = randn(1000)
julia> data2 = randn(1000) .+ 2
julia> # Create an overlaid histogram with 10 bins for each
group
julia> histogram([data1, data2], bins=10, label=[“Group 1”
“Group 2”], alpha=0.6,
   normalize=true, xlim=(-4, 8), ylim=(0, 0.6), color=[:blue
:red])
Figure 10.30:  Stacked histograms overlaid on top of each other with various color attributes
In this code, we generate some random data for the two groups and then
create an overlaid histogram of the data using the histogram()  function with
two arrays of data as input. We also specify the number of bins, add labels
for each group, set the transparency level, normalize the histograms, set the
x- and y-axis limits, and set the colors using the color ar gument.
Cumulative histograms
A cumulative histogram shows the cumulative distribution function (CDF)
of a dataset, which represents the probability that a randomly selected value
from the dataset is less than or equal to a given value. Here is an example
code snippet:
julia> using Plots
julia> # Generate some random data
julia> data = randn(1000)
julia> # Create a cumulative histogram with 20 bins
julia> histogram(data, bins=20, norm=:cdf, fillalpha=0.3,
line=:step, label=”CDF”)
Figure 10.31:  Cumulative histograms displaying the cumulative distribution function of data
In this code, we generate some random data and then create a cumulative
histogram of the data using the histogram()  function with the norm
argument set to :cdf. We also specify the number of bins,  set the ﬁll
transparency level, use a step function to show the CDF and add a label.
2D histograms
2D histograms are a type of histogram that visualize the joint distribution of
two variables. In Julia, 2D histograms can be created using the
histogram2d()  functio n from the Plots package. Here’ s an example code
snippet to create a 2D histogram:
julia> using Plots
julia> # Generate some random 2D data
julia> data = randn(1000, 2)
julia> # Create a 2D histogram with 20 bins in each direction
julia> histogram2d(data[:,1], data[:,2], nbins=20, color=:heat)
Figure 10.32:  2D histograms displaying the joint distribution of data
In this code, we generate some random 2D data and then create a 2D
histogram of the data using the histogram2d()  function . We specify the x-
and y-coordinates of the data, the number of bins in each direction, and the
color scheme for the plot using the nbins  and color ar guments.
You can also create weighted 2D histograms by specifying the weights of
each data point using the weights argument. For example, to create a
weighted 2D histogram with the weight of each point proportio nal to its x-
coordinate, you can do:
julia> using Plots
julia> # Generate some random 2D data
julia> data = randn(1000, 2)
julia> # Create weights proportional to the x-coordinate
julia> weights = data[:,1]
julia> # Create a weighted 2D histogram with 20 bins in each
direction
julia> histogram2d(data[:,1], data[:,2], weights=weights,
nbins=20, color=:heat)
Figure 10.33:  Weighted 2D histograms displaying the joint distribution of data
In this code, we generate some random 2D data and then create weights
proportional to the x-coordina te of each data point. We then create a
weighted 2D histogram of the data using the histogram2d()  function with
the weights ar gument set to the weights we just created.
Conclusion
In this chapter , Plots.jl is a powerful and ﬂexible data visualiza tion package
in the Julia programming language, offering a wide range of plotting
functionalities to suit various needs. Installing and using Plots.jl is
straightforward, and users can choose from different backends and attributes
to custom ize their plots. Scatter plots and subplots are some commonly used
plot types in Plots.jl, while StatsPlots.jl provides a convenient interface for
creating statistic al plots with added functionalities. Users can also create
contour plots, histograms, and other types of plots using Plots.jl and
StatsPlots.jl. With its user-friendly interface and extensive functionalities,
Plots.jl is an essential tool for data visualization and analysis in Julia.
In the next chapter , we will learn about machine learning in Julia.
Questions
1. What is Plots.jl, and what are its main features?
2. How is Plots.jl different from  other data visualization packages in
Julia?
3. What are the beneﬁts of using Plots.jl for data visualization and
analysis?
4. How can I install Plots.jl on my local machine?
5. What are the dependencies required to install Plots.jl?
6. Can Plots.jl be installed on multiple operating systems?
7. What are the dif ferent plotting functionalities provided by Plots.jl?
8. How can I use Plots.jl to create dif ferent types of plots?
9. Can I customize the appearance of my plots using Plots.jl?
10. What are attributes in plotting, and how are they used in Plots.jl?
11. Can I use multiple attributes in a single plot using Plots.jl?
12. How can I change the default attributes in Plots.jl?
13. What is a scatter plot, and how can I create one using Plots.jl?
14. What are some commonly used attributes in scatter plots?
15. How can I customize the appearance of my scatter plot in Plots.jl?
16. What are plotting backends, and how do they work in Plots.jl?
17. How can I choose the appropriate backend for my plot in Plots.jl?
18. Can I switch between different backends while working on a plot in
Plots.jl?
19. What are subplots, and how can I create them using Plots.jl?
20. How can I customize the layout and appearance of my subplots in
Plots.jl?
21. Can I add dif ferent types of plots to a single subplot in Plots.jl?
22. What are recipes in Plots.jl, and how can I use them to create
customized plots?
23. Can I create my own custom recipe in Plots.jl?
24. How can I share my custom recipe with other Plots.jl users?
25. What is StatsPlots.jl, and how is it related to Plots.jl?
26. How can I use StatsPlots.jl to create statistical plots?
27. What are some advanced features provided by StatsPlots.jl?
28. What are contour plots, and how can I create them using Plots.jl?
29. What are some commonly used attributes in contour plots?
30. How can I customize the appearance of my contour plot in Plots.jl?
31. What is a histogram, and how can I create one using Plots.jl?
32. What are some commonly used attributes in histograms?
33. How can I customize the appearance of my histogram in Plots.jl?
CHAPTER  11
Introducing Machine Learning in Julia
Introduction
Julia is a high-performance programming language that has been gaining
popularity in the ﬁeld of data science and machine learning due to its speed,
ease of use, and versatility . With its powerful mathematical and statistical
libraries and its ability to efﬁciently handle large datasets, Julia  provides an
excellent platform for performing machine learning tasks.
There are several libraries in Julia that support machine learning, each with
its own unique set of features and capabilities. One of the most popular
libraries is Flux.jl, which provides a high-level interface for building and
training deep neural networks. Flux.jl offers a wide range of layers, loss
functions, and optimization algorithms, making it a versatile and powerful
tool for building complex models.
Another popula r library for machine learning in Julia is MLJ.jl, which
provides a uniﬁed interface for working with various machine learning
algorithms, inclu ding classiﬁcation, regression, clustering, and more. MLJ.jl
also offers a range of tools for data preprocessing, feature selection, and
model tuning, making it a comprehensive solution for machine learning
tasks.
In addition to these libraries, several others provide specialized functionality
for mach ine learning tasks. For example, DecisionT ree.jl provide s a fast and
ﬂexible implementation of decision trees, while Clustering.jl  offers a range
of clustering algorithms for unsupervised learning.
Overall, Julia provides a powerful and ﬂexible platform for performing
machine learnin g tasks, with a range of libraries and tools available for
building, training, and deployin g models. Whether you are a data scientist,
machine learning researcher , or developer , Julia offers a rich set of tools and
capabilities for tackling complex machine learning problems.
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered:
The need for machine learning
Introducing machine learning
MLJ.jl - the machine learning library of Julia
Specialties of MLJ.jl
Handling data in MLJ.jl
Generating data
Models
Revisiting weights
Data preprocessing using transformers in MLJ
The need for machine learning
Imagine you are a sales manager for a large retail chain. Your company has
stores across the country , and you are responsible for forecasting sales for
each store to ensure that enough inventory is available to meet customer
demand. However , forecasting sales accurately can be a challenging task,
especially with so many stores and products to consider .
To impro ve your sales forecasting, you decide to try using machine learning.
You gather historical sales data for each store, including information on
product sales, pricing, promotio ns, and more. You also collect external data,
such as weather and economic indicators, which may impact sales.
You begin by training a machine  learning model on this data to predict sales
for each store. You use a range of algorithms and technique s, including
regression analy sis, time series forecasting, and ensemble methods, to build
a robust and accurate model.
As you continue to reﬁne your model, you start to notice interes ting patterns
in the data. For example, you discover that sales for certain products are
highly correlate d with weather patterns, with sales increasing for certain
items during hot weather or rainy days. You also ﬁnd that promotions have a
signiﬁcant impact on sales, with certain types of promotions driving more
sales than others.
With this new insight, you begin to adjust your sales and marketing
strategies accordingly . You start to offer more targeted promotions based on
weather patterns and customer preferences, and you optimize pricing
strategies to maximize revenue. As a result, you are able to increase sales
and proﬁts for your company while improving customer satisfaction.
This story illustrates how machine learning can be used to improve sales
forecasting and drive business success. By analyzing large and complex
datasets, machine learning models can uncover valuable insights and
patterns that can inform decision-making and drive better outcomes.
Introducing machine learning
Machine learning is a branch of artiﬁcial intelligence that focuses on the
development of algorithms and statistical models that enable computers to
learn from and make predictions or decisions based on data. In other words,
machine learning is the process of teaching computers to learn from
experience and improve their performance on a speciﬁc task.
Machine learning algorithms can be broadly classiﬁed into three types:
supervised learning
unsupervised learning
reinforcement learning
Supervised learning involves training a model using labeled data, in which
the input and output pairs are provided to the algorithm. Unsupervised
learning, on the other hand, involves training a model on unlabeled data,
with the algorith m tasked with identifying patterns and relationships within
the data. Reinf orcement learn ing involves training a model to make
decisions based on feedback from its environment, with the goal of
maximizing a reward function.
Machine learning has numerous  applications across a wide range of ﬁelds,
from natural language processing and computer vision to ﬁnance and
healthcare. It is used to develop predictive models for tasks such as image
classiﬁcation, speech recognition, and fraud detection, as well as for
decision-making systems such as autonomous vehicles and recommendation
engines.
In recen t years, machine learning has seen signiﬁcant advancements, fueled
by the availabili ty of large amounts of data, powerful computing resources,
and breakthroughs in algorithm development. With these tools and
techniques, machine learning has the potential to revolutionize the way we
approach complex problems and make decisions in a wide range of domains.
MLJ.jl - the machine learning library of Julia
MLJ (Machine Learning in Julia) is a comprehensive machine learning
framework written in the Julia programming language. It offers a user-
friendly interface for building, training, and evaluating machine learning
models, as well as a wide range of algorithms and tools for data
preprocessing and feature selection.
One of the key features of MLJ is its ability to handle different types of data,
such as numerical, categorical, and text data, seamlessly and efﬁciently . This
allows users to work with a variety of datasets and tasks, from regression
and classiﬁcation to clustering and dimensionality reduction.
MLJ also supports various model composition and ensembling techniques,
allowing users to combine different models and algorithms  to improve
performance and generalize to new data. This includes techniques such as
stacking, bagging, and boosting, as well as meta-learning and
hyperparameter optimization.
Furthermore, MLJ provides a modular and extensible architecture, allowing
users to add new algorithms, models, and data types as needed. It also
integrates with other Julia packages, such as DataFrames.jl , Flux.jl , and
Knet.jl , enabling seamless integration with other data science and machine
learning tools.
Overall, MLJ is a powerful and ﬂexible machine learning framework that
offers a high-level and user-friendly interface, while also providing
advanced capabilities and extensibility for expert users.
Specialties of MLJ.jl
MLJ.jl is a machine learning library that is built in the Julia programming
language. It offers an extensive range of functionalities that make it suitable
for solving various machine learning problems. Here are some of the key
features of MLJ.jl:
Uniﬁed Interface: MLJ.jl provid es a uniﬁed interface for a wide range
of machine learning models, making it easy to compare and experiment
with multiple models.
Customizable and Extensible: MLJ.jl is highly customizable and
extensible, allowing users to create their own models, preprocessors,
and pipelines by implementing a few simple functions.
Data Preprocessing: MLJ.jl includes a comprehensive suite of data
preprocessing and feature engineering tools, enabling users to clean
and prepare their data for modeling.
Model Evaluation: MLJ.jl supports various model evaluation
techniques, such as cross-validation, bootstrapping, and holdout
validation, helping users to estimate the performance of their models.
Hyperparameter Tuning: MLJ.jl includes a wide range of tools for
hyperparameter tuning, such as grid search, random search, and
Bayesian optimization, helping users to ﬁnd the best hyperparameters
for their models.
The key goals of MLJ.jl are:
Ease of Use: MLJ.jl is designed to be easy to use and accessible to a
wide range of users, from beginners to experienced data scientists.
Flexibility: MLJ .jl is ﬂexible and can be used for a variety of machine
learning tasks, from classiﬁcation and regression to clustering and
anomaly detection.
Performance: MLJ.jl is designed for high-performance computing,
leveraging the power of Julia’ s just-in-time (JIT) compilation and
parallelization capabilities.
Interoperability: MLJ.jl can be easily integrated with other Julia
libraries, such as DataFrames.jl, Flux.jl, and DifferentialEqua tions.jl,
allowing users to leverage the power of multiple libraries and
frameworks.
Community: MLJ.jl has a large and active community of developers
and users, who contribute to the development and improvement of the
library .
Overall, MLJ.jl is a powerful and ﬂexible machine learning library that
offers a range of tools and functionalities for solving a variety of machine
learning problems. Whether you are a beginner or an experienced data
scientist, MLJ.j l can help you to build and evaluate effective machine
learning models.
Handling data in MLJ.jl
In machine learning, the quality  and quantity of data play a crucial role in
the success of a model. Before  building a model, you ﬁrst need to gather ,
clean, and prepare the data that you’ll use to train the model.
MLJ.jl provides a number of tools and methods to handle different types of
data. MLJ.jl provides a uniﬁed interface for handling tabular data, which is
data organized in a table forma t with rows and columns. This is the most
common type of data used in machine learning, and it’s usuall y stored in a
CSV  (Comma Separated Values) or TSV (Tab Separated Values) ﬁle format.
In addition to tabular data, MLJ.jl also supports handling other types of data,
such as text, images, and time series. For example, to work with text data,
MLJ.jl provides tools to preprocess and vectorize text data, which converts
text data into a numerical format that can be used as input for machine
learning models. Similarly , MLJ.jl provides methods for loading and
preprocessing image data, which is important for image classiﬁcation and
object detection tasks.
Data containers and Scitypes
In order to use the MLJ package for machine learning tasks, it is important
to understand the basic assump tions about the form of data expected by
MLJ. MLJ uses data containers and scientiﬁc types to represent data.
Data containers are objects that contain data, such as tuples, vectors,
matrices, and tables. Each data container has a scientiﬁc type parameterized
by scitype, which describes the scientiﬁc interpretation of the elements it
contains.
Scientiﬁc types are Julia types deﬁned in the ScientiﬁcT ypesBase.jl package,
and are used to declare the perm itted scientiﬁc type of the inputs and targets
that can be bound to a machine in MLJ. The package ScientiﬁcT ypes.jl
implements the convention used in the MLJ universe for assigni ng a speciﬁc
scientiﬁc type to each Julia object.
The basic “scalar ” scienti ﬁc types in MLJ are Continuous , Multiclass{N} ,
OrderedFactor{N} , Count , Textual , Missing , and Nothing . It is important
to ensure that scalar data is interpreted correctly by using tools to coerce the
data to have the appropriate scientiﬁc type. Here are some examples of using
scientiﬁc types in MLJ:
scitype(4.6)  returns Continuous , indicating that 4.6 has a continuous
scientiﬁc interpretation.
scitype(42)  returns Count , indicating that 42 has a count scientiﬁc
interpretation.
x1 = coerce([“yes”, “no”, “yes”, “maybe”], Multiclass)
coerces a vector of strings to have a Multiclass{3} scientiﬁc
interpretation.
X = (x1=x1, x2=rand(4), x3=rand(4))  creates a “column table”
containing three columns, each with a different scientiﬁc interpretation.
scitype(X)  returns Table{Union{AbstractVector{Continuous} ,
AbstractVector{Multiclass{3}}}} , indicating that the table contains
columns with either a continuous or Multiclass{3}  scienti ﬁc
interpretation.
By unde rstanding data contain ers and scientiﬁc types in MLJ, users can
ensure that their data is properly represented and interpreted for machine
learning tasks.
Handling 2D data in MLJ
When we talk about two-dimensional data in machine learning, we are
referring to data that is organized in rows and columns, like a spreadsheet. In
MLJ (a machine learning library in Julia), this type of data is typically
represented as a table. A table is a data container that can be accessed using
the Tables.jl  interfac e and is represented as a Table{K}, where K depends
on the scientiﬁc types of the columns.
We can create a table from this matrix by calling MLJ.table(M) , where M is
dimension. The resulting table  will have the same number of rows and
columns as the matrix, and the types of columns will be inferred from the
values in the matrix. If we have a matrix (that is, an array of numbers) that
we want to use as two-dimensional data in MLJ, we can wrap  it as a table
using the MLJ.table  function.
To inspect the types of data in a table, we can use the schema function. For
example, suppo se we have a table X with three columns, the ﬁrst column
containing categorical values, and the second and third columns containing
continuous values. We can use schema(X)  to get a summary of the types:
Figure 1 1.1: Two-dimensional tabular and non-tabular data
It is important to note that creating a table from a matri x using the
MLJ.table  function does not make a copy of the original matrix. Instead, the
matrix is simply wrapped as a table, so changes made to the original matrix
will also be reﬂected in the table. Conversely , if we want to convert a table
back to a matrix, we can use the MLJ.matrix  function.
To summarize, when using MLJ  models with tables or matrices  as input, it’s
important to make sure that the data is organized in the correct format. Each
row should represent a different observation, and each column should
represent a different feature of that observation. Additionally , the target data
should be an AbstractVector , and if it has multiple values per observation,
it can be represented as a table.
Machine Learning in Julia (MLJ) models typically assume tables as input,
following the Tables.jl  interfac e. However , it clariﬁes that any container
adhering to the Tables.jl  interface and containing compatible scientiﬁc
types can be used as input. This ﬂexibility means that users are not restricted
to using  only tables; they can employ various data structures or containers
that meet the speciﬁed interface requirements and hold the appropriate data
types. This design choice enhances the versatility of MLJ, allow ing users to
work with diverse data repre sentations while still beneﬁtin g from the
model’ s capabilities. Similarly , the target data should have a scientiﬁc type
that is compatible with the model’ s target_scitype .
By organizing the data correctly  and ensuring that it has the correct scientiﬁc
type, it becomes easier to work with MLJ models and get accurate
predictions from them.
When using MLJ models, it is important to know what types of data are
acceptable as inputs and targets. You can inspect the admissible scientiﬁc
types of a model’ s input and target without loading the code deﬁning the
model. This can be done using the info function in MLJ.
For example, if we want to inspect the admissible scientiﬁc types of the
DecisionTreeClassifier  model in the DecisionT ree package, we can do:
Figure 1 1.2: Basic information about the Decision T ree classiﬁer in the package
This returns an object that conta ins a lot of information about the model. We
can inspect the admissible scien tiﬁc types for the model’ s input and target by
accessing i.input_scitype  and i.target_scitype , respectively .
For the DecisionTreeClassifier , we see that the input is acceptable as a
Table with columns of type Continuous , Count , or OrderedFactor . The
target is acceptable as a vector with element scitype <: Finite .
Knowing the admissible scient iﬁc types of a model’ s input and target is
important because it ensures that we provide data that the model can process.
Scitypes of data
In machine learning, it is essential to understand the nature of the data and
its type before modeling it. MLJ follows the convention described in
ScientiﬁcT ypes.jl  to interpret the elements of container types. According to
this convention, here are the key features:
AbstractFloat  is interpreted as Continuous.
Integer is interpreted as Count.
CategoricalValue  is interpreted as Multiclass or OrderedFactor ,
depending on the value of isordered(x) .
Strings and Chars are not interp reted as Multiclass or OrderedFactor ;
they have scitypes  Textual and Unknown, respectively .
Integers (includi ng Bools) cannot represent categorical data, so use the
preceding coerce operations to coerce to a Finite scitype .
The scientiﬁc types of nothing and missing are Nothing and Missing,
native types that we also regard as scientiﬁc.
You can use the coerce function to change the scientiﬁc type of an array or a
table. Here’ s an example:
Figure 1 1.3: Varying scitypes of tabular data in MLJ
This code coerces a DataFrame  X so that the name column is of type
Multiclass, the height column is of type Continuous, and the rating column
is of type OrderedFactor . The schema function is then used to retrieve the
scitypes of the columns of the new DataFrame.
The function scitype(X)  in ScientiﬁcT ypes.jl  returns the scientiﬁc type
(interpretation) of X, as distinct from its machine type. For example,
scitype(3.14)  returns Continuous , scitype([1, 2, missing])  returns
AbstractVector{Union{Missing, Count}} , and scitype((5, “beige”))
returns Tuple{Count, Textual} .
To convert a table X to a copy of X with element scientiﬁc types matching a
new speciﬁcation specs, you can use the coerce function. The specs
argument can be either one or more column_name=>Scitype  pairs, one or
more OldScitype=>NewScitype  pairs, or a dictionary of scientiﬁc types
keyed on column names. For example, coerce(X, :name=>Multiclass,
:height=>Continuous, :rating=>OrderedFactor)  converts a DataFrame
X to a new DataFrame Xc with column scientiﬁc types Multiclass ,
Continuous , and OrderedFactor .
Generating data
Generating Synthetic Data mean s creating fake data that looks similar to real
data, but we know it’s not real. We can use this fake data to test and try out
our machine learning models, without worrying about hurting anyone’ s
privacy or violating any laws.
MLJ has some functions called make_blobs , make_circles , make_moons ,
and make_regression  that can help us create these mock data sets. For
example, we can use make_blobs  to create cluste rs of points (like bubbles)
that we can use to test clustering algorithms.
make_blobs  function can create a table of data with a certain number of rows
and columns (features) and a corresponding vector of “target” labels that tell
us which blob (cluster) each data point belongs to. We can adjust the
properties of these blobs, like the number of clusters, their size and shape,
and whether they are shufﬂed or not.
Here’ s an example code using  make_blobs  to create two clusters with
different sizes:
julia> using MLJ, DataFrames
julia> X, y = make_blobs(100, 3; centers=2, cluster_std=[1.0,
3.0])
(Tables.MatrixTable{Matrix{Float64}} with 100 rows, 3 columns,
and schema:
:x1  Float64
:x2  Float64
:x3  Float64, CategoricalValue{Int64, UInt32}[1, 1, 2, 1, 1,
2, 2, 2, 1, 1  …  2, 2, 1, 2, 2, 1, 1, 1, 2, 1])
julia> dfBlobs = DataFrame(X)
100×3 DataFrame
Row │ x1      x2      x3
│ Float64 Float64 Float64
─────┼────────────────────────────────
1 │  -1.99141   8.24332   -4.65529
2 │  -4.04924   7.55333   -2.42757
︙
julia> dfBlobs.y = y
100-element CategoricalArray{Int64,1,UInt32}:
1
︙
1
julia> first(dfBlobs, 3)
3×4 DataFrame
Row │ x1     x2    x3     y
│ Float64      Cat…
─────┼───────────────────────────────────
1 │ -1.99141  8.24332  -4.65529  1
2 │ -4.04924  7.55333  -2.42757  1
3 │ -9.00246  3.44369   6.91574  2
This code generates a table with 100 rows and 3 columns (features) and two
clusters of data points. The clusters have different sizes, with the second one
being three times larger than the ﬁrst one. We use the DataFrames  package to
create a DataFrame  from the table of data, and add the target labels to it.
Finally , we display the ﬁrst three rows of the DataFrame  to see what the data
looks like.
We can also choose how many blobs we want, how spread out they are, and
other things like that. After we make the pretend dataset, we can use it to test
different types of computer programs and see how well they can understand
the blobs and make predictions about them.
Regression data
Let’s say you have some data, and you want to ﬁnd a relations hip between
them. For example, you might have the height and weight of a bunch of
people, and you want to know how height is related to weight.
Now , imagine that there is a relationship between height and weight that can
be described by a straight line. The make_regression  function can help you
generate some data that follows  this relationship, but with some  added noise
to make it more realistic.
Here’ s an example code:
julia> using MLJ, DataFrames
julia> X, y = make_regression(100, 5; noise=0.5, sparse=0.2,
outliers=0.1)
(Tables.MatrixTable{Matrix{Float64}} with 100 rows, 5 columns,
and schema:
:x1  Float64
:x2  Float64
:x3  Float64
:x4  Float64
:x5  Float64, [-0.854598521465274,  … 2.287388237748642])
julia> dfRegression = DataFrame(X)
100×5 DataFrame
Row │ x1       x2       x3       x4       x5
│ Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64  Float64
─────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
────
1 │ -0.736704   -0.171908 0.0129722   0.400937 0.892407
︙
100 │ -0.660374 0.374358 0.253689   -2.3867  -1.94786
                                              54 rows
omitted
julia> dfRegression.y = y
100-element Vector{Float64}:
-0.854598521465274
︙
2.287388237748642
julia> first(dfRegression, 3)
3×6 DataFrame
Row │ x1      x2      x3       x4      x5      y
│ Float64 Float64 Float64  Float64 Float64 Float64
─────┼─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
──────────
1 │ -0.736704  -0.171908   0.0129722   0.400937  0.892407  
-0.854599
2 │ -0.463261   0.63076   -0.971391   -1.34927   0.252629
0.11885
3 │ -1.50237   -1.33892 0.403449   -1.01186  
0.0327883  -7.82129
In this example, we’re gener ating 100 observations with ﬁve features
(columns) and one continuous target variable (y). The noise parameter
determines the amount of noise we add to the data, making it more difﬁcult
to see the true relationship between the features and the target. The sparse
parameter determ ines the sparsity of the generating weight vector (that is,
how many of the features are important). The outliers paramete r determines
the proportion of the response vector to make as outliers by adding a random
quantity with high variance.
The output of the function is a tuple (X, y) where X is a table (or matrix)
with the generated features, and y is a vector of the generated target values.
We then convert the output into a DataFrame  for easier manipulation and
visualization.
Categorical data
Categorical data is a type of data that represents the characteristics or
qualities of an object, person, or group. It consists of a limite d number of
values or categories that describe the attribute being measured. Examples of
categorical data include gender , race, color , occupation, and education level.
Working with categorical data involves several steps to analyze, process, and
model the data. Here are some key considerations when working with
categorical data:
Data exploration : Begin by examining the distribution of the
categorical variables in your dataset. This can be done by creating
frequency tables or visualizations, such as bar charts or pie charts.
Data cleaning : Categorical data may contain missing values,
inconsistent values, or typos. You may need to impute missing  values
or correct errors to ensure the data is accurate and complete.
Data encoding : Categorical data needs to be transformed into a
numerical form to be used in machine learning models.
Handling categorical data
We implement categorical variables in the MLJ machine learning library in
Julia by using the `CategoricalArrays.jl ` package to handle categorical
values.
To create a categorical vector from raw labels, one can use the categorical
function. The resulting v variable is of type CategoricalVector{Char,
UInt32, Char, CategoricalValue{Char, UInt32}, Union{}}  and
represents a Multiclass vector with three levels.
When indexing a CategoricalVector , one gets a CategoricalValue
instance instead  of a raw label. The CategoricalValue  knows the complete
pool of levels from the vector from which it came.
To construct a UnivariateFinite  distribution, which is the type of
distribution returned by most probabilistic classiﬁers, one can use the
UnivariateFinite  constru ctor. The resulting d variable represents a
distribution over the levels “no” and “yes” with probabili ties 0.9 and 0.1,
respectively . The pool argument is used to specify the set of levels that the
distribution can take. To create a vector of UnivariateFinite  distributions,
one can use the UnivariateFiniteVector  constructor .
Figure 1 1.4: Categorical values of varying mathematical and Boolean values
The resulting d_vec  variable is a vector of ﬁve UnivariateFinite
distributions, each with levels “no” and “yes” and probabilities speciﬁed by
the probs matrix.
Correct data scientiﬁc type for categorical data
In machine learning, it is impor tant to ensure that your data is in the correct
format for the algorithms you plan to use. MLJ uses scientiﬁc types to
articulate the data requirements  of models. There are three scientiﬁc types
for discrete data: Count , OrderedFactor , and Multiclass .
Count data is used for data that represents a count or frequency of
something. This type of data is generally unbounded, such as the number of
phone calls or the population of a city. In MLJ, Count is represented as an
AbstractVector{Count} .
OrderedFactor  is used for data that has a natural ordering, such as the
number of legs on an animal or the number of rooms in a house. This type of
data is ﬁnite and can be coerc ed to an ordered set of integers. In MLJ,
OrderedFactor  is represented as an AbstractVector{OrderedFactor} .
Multiclass is used for unordered categorical data, such as the color of a car
or the species of an animal. This type of data is also ﬁnite and can be
coerced to a set of integers. In MLJ, Multiclass is represented as an
`AbstractVector{Multiclass} `.
Binary data, which is data that can take only two values (for example,
true/false, yes/no), can be represented as either OrderedFactor{2}  if the
data has a natura l ordering or Multiclass{2} if the data is unordered. In MLJ,
Binary data is represented as an `AbstractVector{OrderedFactor} ` or
`AbstractVector{Multiclass} `, depending on whether the data is ordered
or unordered.
Changing the incorrect scitype of categorical data
First, we inspec t the scientiﬁc type of data using the scitype  function . To
inspect all column scientiﬁc types in a table simultaneously , the schema
function can be used.
Then, to coerce  a single colum n, the coerce function is used. The machine
type of the result is a `CategoricalArray `. To inspect the order of the
levels, the levels function can be used. If needed, the `levels!() ` functio n
can be used to change the order of the levels.
Lastly , to coerce all remaining types simultaneously , the coerc e function is
used with the desired types speciﬁed for each column. In this example, the
columns gender , likes_soup , height, and rating are coerced to
`Multiclass `, `OrderedFactor `, `Continuous `, and `OrderedFactor `,
respectively . In-place coercion can also be done using ` coerce!() `.
Suppose you have a dataset that contains information about the passengers
on the Titanic, and one of the columns is “Embarked ” which contains the port
of emba rkation for each passenger (either “S”, “C”, or “Q”). How ever, upon
inspecting the column with describe()  function, you notice that it’s being
treated as a string, rather than a categorical variable.
Figure 1 1.5: Varying ways to see a dataframe object
To properly represent this data as a categorical variable, you can use the
CategoricalArrays  package and the coerce()  function. Now , the
“Embarked ” column is properly represented as a categorical variable.
Tracking all various categories
Imagine you have a toy box with different types of toys, such as balls, cars,
and dolls. Let’s say you want to pick only the red toys from the box. You
don’t want to lose track of the other types of toys in the box, so you separate
the red toys while keeping the rest in the box.
In the same way, when we have data with different categories, such as
different colors or types of toys, we want to keep track of all the categories,
even if we only use some of them for a speciﬁc analysis. We do this by using
a special type of code called “OrderedFactor ” or “Multiclass ”, which
allows us to track all the categories even when we only use some of them.
Figure 1 1.6: Non-mathematical categorical values
Suppose you have a dataset containing information about cars, including the
make, model, and the number of cylinders in the engine. The number of
cylinders is a categorical variable since it can only take a small number of
discrete values (for example, 4, 6, or 8).
The cylinders column has been represented as integers, which is a common
mistake when working with categorical data. To properly represent this
variable, we can use the CategoricalArrays  package. Now , we can inspect
the levels of this variable. This returns an array of the possible values that
the cylinders variable can take.
We can also access individual rows or subsets of the data, while preserving
the information about the possible levels of the categorical variable. By
properly representing categorical data in this way, we can ensure that our
models are corre ctly handling the information and that we are not losing any
important information about the variable.
Preparing data
Preparing data is a crucial step in any data analysis or mach ine learning
project. It involves transforming raw data into a format that is suitable for
analysis, modeling, and decisio n-making. Proper data prepara tion ensures
that the data is accurate, consistent, complete, and in a structur e that can be
easily utilized by the algorithms or methods being applied.
Splitting data
There are two tools in MLJ for splitting data: partition and unpack.
partition is used for vertically splitting data (that is, splitting by
observations), while unpack is used for horizontally splitting data (that is,
breaking up a table based on feature names).
Using partition:
julia> using MLJBase
julia> # split multiple objects “synchronously”
(Xtrain, Xtest), (ytrain, ytest) = partition((X, y), 0.8,
rng=123, multi=true)
(((x1 = [6.546574333729479,  …, 6.402576222222763])),
(CategoricalArrays.CategoricalValue{Int64, UInt32}[3, 1,  …,
3], CategoricalArrays.CategoricalValue{Int64, UInt32}[1, …,
2]))
In the example, partition is used to split multiple objects “synchronously” ,
that is, X and y are split at the same indices, with 80% of the data in Xtrain
and ytrain , and 20% of the data in Xtest  and ytest .
Using unpack:
The unpack function is used to split the DataFrame into a dependent variable
y and a set of independent variables X. The ﬁrst argument to unpack is the
DataFrame to split, and the second argument is a predicate that selects the
dependent variable. In this case, ==(:Species)  selects the Species column,
which contains the names of the different types of Iris ﬂowers. The third
argument is a predicate that selects all other columns by returning true for
each column. In other words, colname -> true  selects all columns in the
DataFrame except for the Species column.
Figure 1 1.7: Using `unpack` with datasets
Finally , the pretty function is used to print the ﬁrst three rows of the X
DataFrame, which contains the measurements of the four attributes for each
ﬂower . The output shows the ﬁrst three rows of the X DataFrame, which has
four columns (SepalLength , SepalWidth , PetalLength , and PetalWidth )
and three rows. The Continuous annotation for each column indicates that
the data type is a continuous variable.
Note that partiti on has options like shufﬂe for shufﬂing the rows, rng for
specifying the random numbe r generator , and stratify for matching the
stratiﬁcation of a given vector. Similarly , unpack has options like
wrap_singles  for wrapping  a single-column table as a vector , and
coerce_options  for specifying options for data type conversion.
Addr essing the mismatched scitype of data-model
However , somet imes the function call fails because the input data has mixed
scientiﬁc types.  Speciﬁcally , height is a count variable, while time is
continuous, mark is textual, and admitted is multiclass. Most supervised
learning models  require input features to be of a single continuous type.
Therefore, we need to preprocess the data.
MLJ of fers two tools to address data-model type mismatches, including:
Scientiﬁc type coercion: This involves converting the data to the
intended scientiﬁc interpretation. For example, if height is supposed to
be conti nuous, mark is an ordered factor , and admitted is a binary
multiclass, we can use the coerce function to convert the data to the
intended scientiﬁc type.
Featur e engineering : This involves transforming the data by creating
new features, selecting relevant features, or reducin g the
dimensionality of the data.
We will learn about searching and loading models in MLJ. Then we will
revisit other transformation functions used for preparing data in MLJ.
Weights
In machine learning, weights can be used to assign more importance to
certain samples or classes during model training and evaluation. In the MLJ
(Machine Learning in Julia) framework, weights can be speciﬁed in both
training and performance evaluation. The two types of weights are:
per observation weights : weight vectors with the same length as the
number of observations
class weights : diction aries that are keyed on the target classes (levels)
used in classiﬁcation problems
To specify weights in training, we need to bind the weights to the model
along with the data when constructing a machine. To specify weights in
performance evaluation, we need to provide the weights as the last argument
when calling an MLJ measure (metric) that supports weights.
Models
In machine learning, a model is a mathematical representation of a real-
world system or process. The model takes inputs, processes them using
mathematical operations, and produces an output that can be used to make
predictions or decisions.
In super vised learning, a model is trained on a labeled dataset, where the
input data and the corresponding output or label are known . The model
learns to map inputs to outputs  by minimizing the difference between its
predictions and the true outpu ts in the training data. Once the model is
trained, it can be used to make predictions on new , unseen data.
In unsup ervised learning, the model is trained on an unlabeled dataset, where
only the input data is known. The goal is to ﬁnd patterns or structure in the
data without any prior knowledge of what the output should be.
Models in machine learning can take many forms, such as decision trees,
neural networks, linear regression, support vector machines, and clustering
algorithms, to name a few. The choice of model depends on the speciﬁc task
and the characteristics of the data being used.
Supervised Learning Models :
Linear  Regr ession : Linear regression is a type of regression model
used for predict ing a continuous output variable based on one or more
input features. It works by ﬁttin g a linear equation to the training data,
which can then be used to make predictions on new data.
Logistic Regr ession : Logistic regression is a type of classiﬁcation
model used for predicting a binary output variable (0 or 1) based on
one or more input features. It works by ﬁtting a logistic function to the
training data, which can then be used to predict the probability of a
given input belonging to the positive class.
Decision Trees: Decision trees are a type of model used for both
classiﬁcation and regression tasks. They work by recursively
partitioning the input space into smaller subsets based on the values of
the input features, and making decisions based on these partitions.
Random Forests: Rando m forests are an extension of decision trees
that use an ensemble of decision trees to make predictions. They work
by randomly sampling subsets  of the input data and features, and
building decisio n trees on each subset. The ﬁnal prediction is then
made by aggregating the predictions of all the individual decision trees.
Support Vector  Machines (SVMs): SVMs  are a type of model used
for classiﬁcatio n and regression tasks. They work by ﬁnding the
hyperplane that best separates the input data into different classes or
predicts the output variable in a regression problem.
Unsupervised Learning Models:
K-Means Clustering : K-means clustering is a type of clustering
algorithm used for partitioning a dataset into K distinct clusters based
on their similari ties. It works by iteratively updating the cluster centers
until the clusters are well separated.
Principal Component Analysis (PCA) : PCA  is a type of
dimensionality reduction technique used for ﬁnding the underlying
structure in high-dimensional data. It works by identifying the principal
components of the data that explain the maximum amount of variance.
Autoencoders : Autoen coders are a type of neural network used for
unsupervised learning. They work by learning to encode and decode
input data, whic h can be used for tasks such as anomaly detection and
image generation.
Gaussian Mixtur e Models (GMMs) : GMMs are a type of
probabilistic model used for clustering and density estimation tasks.
They work by modeling the input data as a mixture of Gaussian
distributions, and using the maximum likelihood method to estimate
the parameters of the model.
t-SNE : t-SNE is a type of dimensionality reduction technique used for
visualizing high-dimensional data in a low-dimensional space. It works
by modeling the similarity between data points in the high-dimensional
space and the low-dimensional space, and minimizing the difference
between the two.
Model search
In machine learning, a model is a mathematical representation of a system or
process that generates predictions or decisions based on input data.
In MLJ, a mode l registry is available to search models and their properties
efﬁciently without loading all the packages containing model codes. This
helps to ﬁnd all models that can solve a speciﬁc machine learning task. The
task is deﬁned using the matching method and the search is executed with
the models method.
To obtain information about a model, the info()  command can be used.
This returns a named tuple containing metadata, such as the name of the
model, the pack age it is from, whether it is supervised or unsupervised, the
input and output types it expects, the implemented methods, the
hyperparameters and their ranges, and other properties such as whether it
supports class weights, online learning, or training losses. You can ﬁnd all
the MLJ models at https://alan-turing-
institute.github.io/MLJ.jl/dev/list_of_supported_models/#model_list . For
example, the following code retrieves information about the DBSCAN
model from the Clustering pack age. You need to specify the package name
as the DBSCAN model is also in MLJScikitLearnInterface .
Figure 1 1.8: Retrieves information about the DBSCAN model fr om the Clustering package
The doc()  function can be used to retrieve the model’ s documentation string
without importing the code:
julia> doc(“RandomForestClassifier”, pkg=”DecisionTree”)
RandomForestClassifier
A model type for constructing a CART random forest
classifier, based on
DecisionTree.jl
(https://github.com/bensadeghi/DecisionTree.jl), and
implementing the MLJ model interface.
Model queries
This is used in the MLJ machine learning package to list and query available
models.
Here is a brief explanation of the code:
The models()  function lists all available mode ls in the MLJ package. It
returns a vector of named tuples, where each tuple represents a
machine learning model.
The localmodels()  function lists only the models for which the code
is already loaded. It returns the same output format as models() .
The named tuple returned by each function contains information about
the model, such as its name, package name, abstract type,
hyperparameters, and implemented methods.
The models()  function can be used to search for models containing
speciﬁed strings or regular expressions in their docstring attribute.
Here’ s a sample  code snippet showing how you can use these  functions to
query models:
julia> # List all available models
all_models = models()
208-element Vector{NamedTuple{(:name, …, :output_scitype)}}:
(name = ABODDetector, package_name = OutlierDetectionNeighbors,
… )
︙
(name = XGBoostRegressor, package_name = XGBoost, … )
julia> # List only the models for which code is already loaded
loaded_models = localmodels()
15-element Vector{NamedTuple{(:name, …, :output_scitype)}}:
(name = ConstantClassifier, package_name = MLJModels, … )
︙
(name = UnivariateTimeTypeToContinuous, package_name =
MLJModels, … )
This code ﬁrst imports the MLJ package and then uses the models()  and
localmodels()  functions to list all available models and the models for
which code is already loaded, respectively .
Models matching
In the context of the MLJ (Mach ine Learning in Julia) package, the matching
command is used to check whether a given model is compatible with input
data and target variables of certain scientiﬁc types. Speciﬁcally ,
matching(model, X, y) returns true if the model is supervised and can
accept inputs of type X and targets of type y, and matching(model, X)
returns true if the model is unsupervised and can accept inputs of type X.
To search for all supervised probabilistic models that can handle input X and
target y, one can deﬁne a testing function task that checks for model
compatibility and probabilistic prediction, as follows:
task(model) = matching(model, X, y) && model.prediction_type ==
:probabilistic
This function returns true if the model can handle inputs of type X and
targets of type y, and if it makes probabilistic predictions. Then, the search
for such models can be executed using the models function:
models(task)
The models function lists all models in the MLJ registry that satisfy a given
ﬁlter. By default, calling models() returns a list of all models in the registry ,
while calling models(filters..)  returns a list of models that satisfy all
given ﬁlters.
For example, to search for all models that are compatible with input X and
target y , one can execute:
models(matching(X, y))
This returns a list of all supervised models that can handle inputs of type X
and tar gets of type y .
Alternatively , one can use the models function with a do block and a
customized ﬁlter to achieve the same result:
models() do model
matching(model, X, y) &&
model.prediction_type == :probabilistic
end
The localmodels  function is similar to models, but it only lists models that
are currently available to the user from a given module (by default, the Main
module). The localmodels  functio n can also take one or more ﬁlters to
narrow down the list of models.
To load a speciﬁ c model from the list returned by localmodels , one can use
the load_path  function, as in the following example:
ms = localmodels()
model = ms[1]
load_path(model)
Here, ms is a list of all models available in the current module, model is the
ﬁrst model in the list, and load_path(model)  returns the path to the ﬁle
deﬁning the model.
Loading models
The process of loading a model in MLJ involves identifying the name of the
model and the package that provides the MLJ interface for that model. Once
these are identiﬁed, you can use the @load  macro to load the model type into
your current module, package, or function.
To use @load , you need to have the package providing the MLJ interface
installed in your environment. You can determine the package by calling
load_path(model_name, pkg=”algorithm-providing package name”) ,
where model_name  is the name of the model you want to use, and pkg is the
name of the package providing the algorithm for that model. This function
returns the load path for the model type. If the MLJ interface package is not
already installed in your environment, you can add it using
Pkg.add(“MLJAlgorithmInterface”) .
Once you have the MLJ interface package installed, you can use @load  to
load the model type. For example, if you want to use the
DecisionTreeClassifier  model from the DecisionT ree.jl package, you can
call @load  DecisionTreeClassifier  pkg=DecisionTree . This will load the
DecisionTreeClassifier  model type into your current module, package, or
function, and you can create an instance of the model using Tree() .
Figure 1 1.9: An example of loading the DecisionT reeClassiﬁer model using @load
Alternatively , you can use the @iload  macro for interactive loading.  This
provides the user with options to install the required interface package and
choose the relevant model-providing package in ambiguous cases.
Here’ s an example of loading the DecisionTreeClassifier  model using
@iload :
Figure 1 1.10:  Basic information about Decision T ree Classiﬁer
Note that for models that are provided by only a single pack age, the pkg
speciﬁcation can be dropped.
Let us revisit the topic on weights. The MLJ package provides a way to
specify weights during both model training and performance evaluation.
To speci fy weig hts during model training, you can bind the weights to the
model along with the data when constructing a machine. For example, to
specify weights for a KNNRegressor  model:
Figure 1 1.11: KNN r egressor model is used and ﬁt (trained on) random dat.
Note that the model needs to support per observation weight s for this to
work, which can be checked using supports_weights(model) .
Revisiting weights
To specify weights during performance evaluation, you can provide the
weights as the last argument when calling an MLJ measure (metric) that
supports weights. For example, to compute the macro F1 score with weights
for a classiﬁcation problem:
julia> _, y = @load_iris
((sepal_length = [5.1,  …, 5.9], sepal_width = [3.5,  …, 3.0],
petal_length = [1.4,  …, 5.1], petal_width = [0.2,  …  1.8]),
CategoricalArrays.CategoricalValue{String, UInt32}[“setosa”,  …
“virginica”])
julia> ŷ = shuffle(y)
150-element
CategoricalArrays.CategoricalArray{String,1,UInt32}:
“setosa”
︙
“virginica”
julia> w = Dict(“versicolor” => 1, “setosa” => 2, “virginica”=>
3)
Dict{String, Int64} with 3 entries:
“virginica”  => 3
“versicolor” => 1
“setosa”  => 2
julia> macro_f1score(ŷ, y, w)
0.66
You can use supports_weights  and supports_class_weights  on measures
to check  weight support. For example, to list all measures supporting per
observation weights:
julia> measures() do m
    m.supports_weights
end
34-element Vector{NamedTuple{(:name, :instances, :human_name,
:target_scitype, :supports_weights, :supports_class_weights,
:prediction_type, :orientation, :reports_each_observation,
:aggregation, :is_feature_dependent, :docstring,
:distribution_type)}}:
(name = BrierLoss, instances = [brier_loss], …)
︙
(name = QuantileLoss, instances = [quantile_loss], …)
Data preprocessing using transformers in MLJ
Let us revisit other data preprocessing techniques. We use Transformers in
MLJ for loading and using various data preprocessing techniques. In MLJ,
several unsupervised models are available out-of-the-box, including
transformers that perform common transformations such as one-hot
encoding. These models can be used to preprocess data before it is fed into a
supervised model.
A transformer is considered “static ” if it has no learned parameters. Such a
transformer is essentially an ordinary function but can be realize d as an MLJ
static transforme r by deﬁning it as a subtype of Static <: Unsupervised .
This can be useful, especially if the function depends on parameters that the
user would like to manipulate (which become hyperparam eters of the
model). Here is an example of deﬁning a static transformer:
using MLJ
struct MyTransformer <: Static{Tuple{}}
end
function MLJ.transform(::MyTransformer, X::DataFrame)
# do some transformation on X here
return transformed_X
end
You can learn more about built-i n and static transformers in MLJModels.jl at
https://alan-turing-institute.github.io/MLJ.jl/dev/transformers/#Built-in-
transformers  .
Conclusion
MLJ.jl is a powerful machine learning library in Julia that offers a variety of
functionalities for building, training, and evaluating machine learning
models. It offers a user-friendly  and efﬁcient API that enables users to work
with a diverse range of models and datasets. MLJ.jl’ s support for data
preprocessing through transfo rmers, generation of synthetic data, and
ﬂexible model handling makes it a go-to tool for machine learning tasks in
Julia. Additiona lly, its ability to handle supervised, unsuperv ised, and its
integration with other Julia packages make it a valuable asset  to the Julia
community . Overall, MLJ.jl provides an efﬁcient and ﬂexible platform for
machine learnin g, making it a valuable addition to the toolkit  of any data
scientist or machine learning practitioner .
In the next chap ter, we will learn about model tuning, model performance,
and modeling pipelines and various other transformers.
Questions
1. What is MLJ.jl, and what is its purpose?
2. How does MLJ.jl handle missing data?
3. What types of models are available in MLJ.jl?
4. Can MLJ.jl be used for both supervised and unsupervised learning
tasks?
5. What is a transformer in MLJ.jl, and how is it used in data
preprocessing?
6. Can users deﬁne their models in MLJ.jl?
7. What is cross-validation, and how is it used in MLJ.jl?
8. How does MLJ.jl handle imbalanced datasets?
CHAPTER 12
Data and Models
Introduction
MLJ.jl is a machine learning framework for Julia that provide s a common
interface for working with data and models. It provides a wide range of
features for data preparation, model selection, tuning, evaluation, and
composition. MLJ.jl supports a variety of data formats, including CSV,
JSON, and HDF 5. It also provi des a number of tools for data preparation,
such as imputation, normalizati on, and feature selection. MLJ.jl supports a
wide range of machine learning models, including linear regres sion, logistic
regression, decision trees, and neural networks. It also provides several tools
for model selection, tuning, and evaluation.
MLJ.jl is an advanced framewo rk for machine learning that offers a diverse
set of capabilities to tackle a wide array of problems. Its user-friendly
interface and rich feature set make it an indispensable resource for machine
learning practitioners. Supporting various data formats like CSV, JSON, and
HDF5, MLJ.jl facilitates seamless data integration. Additionally , it equips
users with essential tools for data preprocessing, encompassing tasks such as
imputation, normalization, and feature selection.
When it comes to model selection, MLJ.jl boasts extensive support for an
extensive range of machine learning models, including linear regression,
logistic regressio n, decision trees, and neural networks. It further provides an
assortment of utilities to aid users in model evaluation, tuning, and selection.
Before initiatin g the training process, it is vital to prepare the data
meticulously . This typically involves data cleansing, outlier removal, and
data transformation into a format compatible with the chosen model. MLJ.jl
features a variety of tools that simplify the data preparation phase.
After preparing the data, the next step involves model selection. Given the
multitude of models available, the optimal choice depends on the unique
characteristics of the dataset. MLJ.jl furnishes several tools to facilitate the
selection of the most suitable model for the problem at hand. Once a model
is select ed, the subsequent task entails parameter tuning, aiming to identify
the parameter values that yield  the best performance on the given dataset.
MLJ.jl encompasses a range of tools designed to assist users in this crucial
tuning process.
Following parameter tuning, evaluating the model’ s performance on a
separate test set is crucial for assessing its generalization capabilities. This
evaluation aids in determining how effectively the model will handle new,
unseen data. MLJ.jl provides a comprehensive set of tools to facilitate
performance evaluation. Moreo ver, MLJ.jl supports model composition,
allowing users to combine multiple models into a composite model that
surpasses the capabilities of the individual models. MLJ.jl incorporates
numerous tools to simplify the process of model composition.
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered:
Model interface in MLJ.jl
The need for data frontend in MLJ
Machines in MLJ
Model composition
Performance measures in MLJ
What are iterative models?
What are learning curves?
Model interface in MLJ.jl
A model is a container for the parameters of a machine learning algorithm.
The parameters are the values that the algorithm learns from  the data to
make predictions. The model  also stores the hyperparameters of the
algorithm, which are the settings that control how the algorithm learns.
The name of the Julia type associated with a model indicates the associated
algorithm. For example, the type DecisionTreeClassifier  indicates the
decision tree classiﬁer algorithm. The outcome of training a learning
algorithm is called a fitresult . A fitresult  contain s the information that
the algorithm learned during training. For example, the coefﬁcients and
intercept of a linear regression model are stored  in the ﬁtresult.  The ultimate
supertype of all models in MLJ.jl is MLJModelInterface.Model . This type
has two abstract subtypes: Supervised and Unsupervised.
Supervised models are used to predict a target variable from a set of features.
For example, a supervised model could be used to predict the price of a
house based on its features, such as its size, location, and number of
bedrooms.
Unsupervised models are used to ﬁnd patterns in data. For example, an
unsupervised model could be used to ﬁnd groups of customers who are
similar to each other .
Supervised models can be further divided into two types: probabilistic and
deterministic. Probabilistic models can predict the probability of a new
observation belonging to a particular class. Deterministic models can only
predict the class of a new observation. The division of model types is further
realized through Trait declarati ons. Traits are a way of grouping together
related types. For example, the Probabilistic trait is used to group together all
of the probabilistic models in MLJ.jl.
Every concrete subtype of Model must have a ﬁt method. The ﬁt method is
used to train the model on a set of data.
Every supervised model must have a predict method. The predict method is
used to predict the tar get variable for a new observation.
Every unsupervised model must have a transform method. The transform
method is used to transform the data into a new representation.
Methods such as ﬁt, predict, and transform are called operations. Operations
are dispatched on a model instance and a fitresult  (plus other data).
Probabilistic supervised mode ls optionally implement a predict_mode
operation (in the case of classiﬁers) or a predict_mean  and/or
predict_median  operations (in the case of regressors). These operations are
used to predict the mode (most likely class) or the mean (expected value) of
the tar get variable for a new observation.
Unsupervised models may implement an inverse_transform  operation.
This operation is used to transform the data back to its original
representation.
Model representation
In MLJ. jl, mode ls are represented by structs. To create a new model, you
must ﬁrst declar e a struct for the model. The struct declaration must include
the name  of the model, the type of the model, and the hyperpara meters of the
model.
The following is an example of a struct declaration for a simple model:
struct MyModel <: MLJ.Deterministic
lambda::Float64
end
The name of the model is MyModel . The type of the model is
MLJ.Deterministic . The hyperparameter of the model is lambda.
Once you have declared a struct  for the model, you can create a new instance
of the model using the keyword constructor . The keyword constructor takes
the hype rparameters of the model as arguments. The following is an example
of how to create a new instance of the MyModel  model:
my_model = MyModel(lambda=0.5)
The my_model  variable now contains an instance of the MyModel  model. The
lambda hyperparameter of the model is set to 0.5.
The clean!  method is a method that is used to clean the hyperparameters of
the model. The clean!  method can be used to check the hyperparameters for
errors and to correct any errors that are found. The following is an example
of the clean!  method for the MyModel  model:
function MyModel.clean!(model::MyModel)
if model.lambda < 0
warning = “Need lambda ≥ 0. Resetting lambda=0.”
model.lambda = 0
end
end
The clean!  method  checks the lambda hyperparameter to make sure that it
is greater than or equal to 0. If the lambda hyperparameter is less than 0,
then clean!()  method sets the lambda hyperparameter to 0.
The @mlj_model  macro is a macr o that can be used to simplify the process of
declaring a model struct. The @mlj_model  macro takes the name of the
model, the type of the model, and the hyperparameters of the model as
arguments. The following is an example of how to use the @mlj_model
macro:
@mlj_model mutable struct MyModel <: MLJ.Deterministic
lambda::Float64 = 0.5
end
The @mlj_model  macro is equivalent to the following struct declaration:
struct MyModel <: MLJ.Deterministic
lambda::Float64
end
function MyModel.clean!(model::MyModel)
if model.lambda < 0
warning = “Need lambda ≥ 0. Resetting lambda=0.”
model.lambda = 0
end
end
Supervised model
Supervised models utilize features in training data to predict a target
variable, which represents the value the model aims to predict.  The training
process involves learning the relationship between features and the target
variable. There are many different types of supervised models, each with its
own strengths and weaknesses. Some common types of supervised models
include:
Linear  regression models : Linear regression models are used to make
predictions for data that is linearly related. Linear regression models
are simp le to understand and implement. However , they are not always
accurate for data that is not linearly related.
Logistic regression models : Logistic regression models are used to
make predictions for data that is binary . Logistic regression models are
more complex than linear regression models, but they are more
accurate for data that is binary .
Decision tree models : Decision tree models are used to make
predictions for data that is non-linear . Decision tree models are more
complex than linear regression models or logistic regression models,
but they can be very accurate for data that is non-linear .
Supervised models can be used to solve a variety of problems, including:
Predicting the price of a stock
Predicting the likelihood of a customer clicking an ad
Predicting the likelihood of a patient developing a disease
Supervised models are a powerful tool that can be used to make predictions
for a variety of problems. If you are working on a problem that involves
making predictions, you should consider using a supervised model.
Here are some additional details about the supervised models in MLJ.jl:
The MLJ.jl library provides a number of supervised models, including
linear regression models, logistic regression models, and decision tree
models.
The MLJ.jl library also provides several tools for training and
evaluating supervised models.
The MLJ.jl library is open source and can be downloaded from the
MLJ.jl website.
User-deﬁned models in MLJ
To implement a new supervised model in MLJ, you need to follow three
steps:
1. Deﬁne a mutable struct to store hyperparameters. This struct is the
model, and it should be a subtype of either Probabili stic or
Deterministic, depending on whether probabilistic or ordinary point
predictions are intended.
2. Deﬁne a ﬁt method, dispatched on the model, which returns learned
parameters (fitresult ). The ﬁt metho d is used to learn the model’ s
parameters on the training data.
3. Deﬁne a predict method, dispat ched on the model and the fitresult ,
to return  predictions on new patterns. The predict method uses the
learned parameters to make predictions on new data.
julia> import MLJBase
julia> using LinearAlgebra
julia> mutable struct MyRegressor <: MLJBase.Deterministic
lambda::Float64
end
MyRegressor(; lambda=0.1) = MyRegressor(lambda)
# fit returns coefficients minimizing a penalized rms loss
function:
julia> function MLJBase.fit(model::MyRegressor, verbosity, X,
y)
x = MLJBase.matrix(X) # convert table to matrix
fitresult = (x’x + model.lambda*I)\(x’y) # the coefficients
cache=nothing
report=nothing
return fitresult, cache, report
end
# predict uses coefficients to make a new prediction:
julia> MLJBase.predict(::MyRegressor, fitresult, Xnew) =
MLJBase.matrix(Xnew) * fitresult
This code sample provides an implementation of a simple deterministic
regressor , speciﬁ cally a ridge regressor with no intercept, using the Julia
programming language and the MLJBase  package.
Deterministic r egressor
In MLJ.jl, a deterministic regres sor is a model that can be used to predict a
target variable from a set of features, and that always returns the same
predicted value for a given set of features. This means that a deterministic
regressor does not provide any information about the uncertainty in the
predictions.
Deterministic regressors are often used in machine learning applications
where it is important to be able to make accurate predictions. For example,
deterministic regressors can be used to predict the price of a stock, the
demand for a product, or the likelihood of a customer clicking an ad.
There are many different types of deterministic regressors, and the choice of
which regressor to use depends on the speciﬁc machine learning problem
that is being solved. Some common types of deterministic regressors
include:
Linear regression models
Ridge regression models
Lasso regression models
Support vector machines (SVMs)
Decision trees
Random forests
MLJ.jl provides  a number of deterministic regressors, and it also provides a
number of tools for working with deterministic regressors. For example,
MLJ.jl provides functions for calculating the mean squared error , the root
mean squared error , and the R-squared of deterministic regressors, and it
also provides functions for visualizing the predictions of deterministic
regressors.
First, a mutable struct called MyRegressor  is deﬁn ed, whic h implements the
MLJBase.Deterministic  abstract type. This struct takes one parameter ,
lambda, which is a scalar value representing the regularization strength. The
MyRegressor  struct is also initialized with a constructor that takes a named
parameter lambda with a default value of 0.1.
The ﬁt function is then deﬁne d, which takes as input the MyRegressor
model, a verbosity ﬂag, a matrix  of input features X, and a vector of output
values y. The function ﬁrst converts the input data from a table to a matrix
using the MLJBase.matrix  function. It then computes the coefﬁcients using
ridge regression, which minimizes a penalized root-mean-square (RMS) loss
function. The resulting coefﬁcie nts are returned along with cache and report
variables, which are set to nothing.
Finally , the predict function is deﬁned, which takes as input the MyRegressor
model, the coefﬁcients obtained  from the ﬁt function, and a new matrix of
input features, Xnew . The function multiplies the input matrix Xnew  by the
coefﬁcients to make a prediction.
julia> X, y = @load_boston;
julia> model = MyRegressor(lambda=1.0)
julia> regressor = machine(model, X, y)
julia> evaluate!(regressor, resampling=CV(), measure=rms,
verbosity=0)
Once this code is loaded, the MyRegressor  can be used to train and evaluate
a model using the Boston housing dataset. A new instance of the
MyRegressor  model is created with a regula rization strength of 1.0, and a
machine object is created using the model, input features X, and output
values y. The evaluate! function  is then used to train and evaluate the model
using cross-validation with root-mean-square (RMS) error as the
performance metric. The resulting performance evaluation object shows the
RMS error for each fold of the cross-validation.
Probabilistic r egressor
In MLJ. jl, a probabilistic classi ﬁer is a model that can be used to predict a
target variable from a set of features, and that also provides a probability
distribution for the predicted value. This means that a probabilistic classiﬁer
cannot only tell you what the most likely class label is for a new pattern, but
it can also tell you how likely it is that the new pattern belongs to each class.
Probabilistic classiﬁers are often used in machine learning applications
where it is important to be able to quantify the uncertainty in the predictions.
For example, probabilistic classiﬁers can be used to make decisions about
whether to approve a loan, whet her to admit a student to a schoo l, or whether
to diagnose a patient with a disease.
There are many different types of probabilistic classiﬁers, and the choice of
which classiﬁer to use depends on the speciﬁc machine learning problem
that is being solved. Some common types of probabilistic classiﬁers include:
Gaussian naive Bayes classiﬁers
Logistic regression classiﬁers
Support vector machines (SVMs)
Decision trees
Random forests
MLJ.jl provides a number of probabilistic classiﬁers as well as several tools
for working with probabilistic classiﬁers. For example, MLJ.jl provides
functions for calculating the accuracy , precision, and recall of probabilistic
classiﬁers, and it also provides functions for visualizing the probability
distributions of probabilistic classiﬁers.
The classiﬁer is called MyClassifier , and it is a subclass of
MLJBase.Probabilistic . This means that it is a probabilistic model that can
be used to predict a tar get variable from a set of features.
The ﬁt function for MyClassifier  ignores the inputs X and returns the
training target y probability distribution. This distribution is a
Distributions.UnivariateFinite  object, which is a probability
distribution for a single variable.
The predict function for MyClassifier  returns the passed fitresult  (pdf)
for all new patterns. This means that it returns the probability distribution for
each new pattern, based on the training tar get distribution.
Here is an example of how to use the MyClassifier  classiﬁer:
julia> using MLJBase
julia> using Distributions
julia> struct MyClassifier <: MLJBase.Probabilistic
end
julia> function MLJBase.fit(model::MyClassifier, verbosity, X,
y)
fitresult = Distributions.fit(MLJBase.UnivariateFinite,
y)
cache = nothing
report = nothing
return fitresult, cache, report
end
julia> MLJBase.predict(model::MyClassifier, fitresult, Xnew) =
[fitresult for i in 1:nrows(Xnew)]
julia> X, y = @load_iris
julia> mach = fit!(machine(MyClassifier(), X, y)
julia> predict(mach, selectrows(X, 1:2))
Figure 12.1:  Classiﬁcation example using MLJ functionalities
In this example,  we load the Iris dataset and ﬁt the MyClassifier  model to
the training target y. We then use the predict function to predict the
probability distribution for two new patterns. The output of the predict
function is a two-element array , where each elem ent is a
Distributions.UnivariateFinite  object. These objects represent the
probability distributions for the two new patterns.
The MyClassifier  classiﬁer is a simple probabilistic classiﬁer that can be
used to predict a target variable from a set of features. It is easy to use and it
can be used to solve a variety of machine learning problems.
Here is a more detailed explanation of the MyClassifier  classiﬁer:
The MyClassifier  classiﬁer is a probabilistic classiﬁer because it
returns a probability distribution for the predicted value. This means
that the classiﬁer can not only tell you what the most likely class label
is for a new pattern, but it can also tell you how likely it is that the new
pattern belongs to each class.
The MyClassifier  classiﬁer is simple because it only ﬁts a single
probability distribution to the training target. This makes the classiﬁer
easy to understand and implement.
The MyClassifier  classiﬁe r is versatile because it can be used to solve a
variety of machine learning problems. For example, the classiﬁer can be
used to classify images, to classify text, or to classify other types of data.
The MyClassifier  classiﬁer is a simple and versatile probabilistic classiﬁer
that can be used to solve a variety of machine learning problems.
There are a variety of other methods that are supported by MLJ. You can
refer to https://alan-turing-
institute.github.io/MLJ.jl/dev/list_of_supported_models/#model_list  for
using other models.
Fitting a model
When you are training or predicting using a model in MLJ.jl, you need to
provide the model with data. The data that you provide to the model needs to
be in a speciﬁc format. The format of the data that you provide to the model
is determined by the scientiﬁc type of the data.
`ﬁt` is a method that is used to train a machine learning model. It takes three
arguments: the model, the verbo sity level, and the training data. The model
is the object that will be trained, the verbosity level controls how much
information is printed to the console, and the training data is the data that
will be used to train the model.
The ﬁt method works by ﬁrst ﬁtting the model to the trainin g data. This
means that the model will learn the relationship between the features and the
target variable. Once the model has been ﬁtted, it can be used to make
predictions on new data.
The ﬁt method returns three objects, which are as follows:
The fitresult  object contains information about the training process,
such as the loss function, the number of iterations, and the time it took
to train the model.
The cache object contains any data that was used during the training
process, such as the model coefﬁcients and the feature importances.
The report object contains any information about the perform ance of
the model, such as the accuracy , the precision, and the recall.
The ﬁt method is an important  part of the machine learning process. It is
used to train the model so that it can be used to make predictions on new
data.
Predict method
The predict method is a method that is used to make predictions on new
data. It takes three arguments: the model, the fitresult , and the new data.
The model is the object that was trained, the fitresult  contains information
about the training process, and the new data is the data that will be used to
make predictions.
The predict method works by ﬁrst predicting the target varia ble for each
observation in the new data. It then returns a vector of predictions. The
predictions can be deterministic or probabilistic.
In the case of deterministic predictions, the predictions are simply the
predicted values for the target variable. In the case of probabilistic
predictions, the predictions are a distribution over the possible values of the
target variable.
The predict method is an important part of the machine learning process. It is
used to make predictions on new data, which can then be used to make
decisions.
Here is an example of how the predict method might be used to make
predictions on new data:
We have  a model that predicts the price of houses. The model was
trained on a dataset of houses that have already been sold.
We have a new house that we want to sell. We can use the predict
method to predict the price of the house.
The predict method will return a prediction for the price of the house.
We can then use this prediction  to decide how much to sell the house
for.
In this example, the predict method is used to decide how much to sell a
house for. Howe ver, the predict method can be used to make predictions on
any type of data. For example, we could use the predict method to predict
the likelihood of a customer clicking an ad, the probability of a patient
recovering from  a disease, or the number of sales that a company will make
in the next quarter .
The predict method is a powerf ul tool that can be used to make predictions
on new data. It is an important part of the machine learning process and can
be used to make decisions in a variety of dif ferent domains.
Here is a more detailed explanation of the predict method for probabilistic
models:
In the case of probabilistic models, the predict method returns a distribution
over the possibl e values of the target variable. This distribution can be used
to make predictions about the likelihood of different outcomes. For example,
if we have a model that predicts the probability of a patient recovering from
a diseas e, the predict method will return a distribution over the possible
values of the probability of recovery . We can then use this distribution to
make predictions about the likelihood of the patient recovering from the
disease.
The predict method for probabilistic models is a powerful tool that can be
used to make predictions about a variety of different outcomes. It is an
important part of the machine learning process and can be used to make
decisions in a variety of dif ferent domains.
Here are some additional details about the predict method for probabilistic
models:
The predict method for probabilistic models can return a variety of
different distributions. The most common distributions are the
Gaussian distribution and the binomial distribution.
The Gaussian distribution is a bell-shaped curve that is used to model
continuous data. The binomial distribution is a discrete distribution that
is used to model data that can take on only two values.
The predict method for probabilistic models can also return a
distribution over a set of possible values. For example, the predict
method for a model that predicts the probability of a patient recovering
from a disease could return a distribution over the possible values of
the probability of recovery .
The predict method for probabil istic models is a powerful tool that can
be used to make  predictions about a variety of different outcomes. It is
an impo rtant part of the machin e learning process and can be used to
make decisions in a variety of dif ferent domains.
Training losses
The MLJModelInterface.training_losses  function is used to get the
training losses of an iterative model. An iterative model is a model that is
trained using an iterative algorithm, such as gradient descent. The training
losses are the losses that the model experiences during training.
The MLJModelInterface.training_losses  function takes two arguments:
the model and the report. The model is the object that was trained, and the
report is an object that contains information about the training process.
The MLJModelInterface.training_losses  function returns an
AbstractVector  of the losses in historical order . The AbstractVector  is a
generic type that can be used to store any type of vector . The losses are
stored in historical order , which  means that the ﬁrst element of the vector is
the loss from the ﬁrst iteration of training, the second element of the vector
is the loss from the second iteration of training, and so on.
If the model calculates scores instead of losses, then the sign of the scores
should be reversed before returning them. This is because scores are
typically positive, while losses are typically negative.
The following trait overload is also required:
MLJModelInterface.supports_training_losses(::Type{<:M}) = true .
This trait overload tells MLJ that the model supports the training_losses
function.
Trait values can also be set using the metadata_model  method . The
metadata_model  method takes two arguments: the model and the trait name.
The model is the object that the trait values will be set for, and the trait name
is the name of the trait.
Feature importances
The MLJModelInterface.feature_importances  function is used to get the
feature importances  of a model. Feature importances are a measure of how
important each feature is to the model’ s predictions. The
MLJModelInterface.feature_importances  function takes three arguments:
the model, the fitresult , and the report.  The model is the model that you
want to get the feature importances  for, the fitresult  is the result of
training the model, and the report is a structure that contains information
about the model, such as the names of the features.
The MLJModelInterface.feature_importances  function returns an
AbstractVector  of feature importances. The AbstractVector  is a generic
type that can be used to represent any vector , and it is used to store the
feature importances in a way that they can be easily accessed.  The feature
importances are stored in the AbstractV ector in a dictionary , where the keys
are the names of the features and the values are the feature importances.
The following trait overload is also required:
MLJModelInterface.reports_feature_importances(::Type{<:M}) =
true . This trait overload tells MLJ that the model supports the
MLJModelInterface.feature_importances  function. If the model does not
support the MLJModelInterface.feature_importances  function, then an
error will be thrown when the function is called.
If for some reason a model is sometimes unable to report feature
importances then feature_importances  should return all importances  as
0.0, as in [:gender =>0.0, :height =>0.0, :weight => 0.0] . This is
because it is important to be able to get the feature importances of a model,
even if the model is not always able to calculate them.
Update! Method
A model can be updated multiple times to improve its accuracy . The
“Iterative models and the update! method” refers to a mechanism provided
by MLJ to efﬁciently update or retrain a model without repeating
unnecessary computations. It is an optional feature that can be implemented
by overloading the update method for a particular model.
The update method is called by MLJ to retrain a model on the same training
data when certain conditions are met, such as changes in hyperparameters or
the need to increase the number of iterations. The purpose  is to avoid
redundant computations and improve computational efﬁciency .
The update method has two variations:
MMI.update(model::SomeSupervisedModel, verbosity,
old_fitresult, old_cache, X, y) -> fit result, cache,
report
MMI.update(model::SomeSupervisedModel, verbosity,
old_fitresult, old_cache, X, y, w=nothing) -> fit result,
cache, report
The ﬁrst variation is used when the model does not support sample weights,
while the second variation is used when the model does support sample
weights.
If an MLJ Machine is being ﬁt and it is not the ﬁrst time, the update method
is called  instead of ﬁt, unless the ﬁt! method has been called with a new rows
keyword argume nt. However , if the update method is not implemented for a
speciﬁc model, MLJ provides a fallback that simply calls the ﬁt method
instead.
The update method is particula rly useful for iterative models or learning
networks wrapped as models.  In the case of iterative models, where
increasing the number of iterat ions only restarts the iterative procedure if
other hyperparameters have also changed, the update method ensures that
the model is retrained only when necessary . It helps to avoid unnecessary
retraining and saves computational resources.
Another use case for the update method is to avoid repeating time-
consuming preprocessing of the input data (X and y) required by certain
models. By storing the preprocessed versions of the data in the cache
returned by the ﬁt method, the update method can access and reuse them,
reducing redundant preprocessing computations.
If the fitresult  argument, returned by a preceding call to ﬁt, is not
sufﬁcient for performing an update, the author of the model can include any
additional information required in the cache return value of the ﬁt method.
This additional information can then be accessed and utilized by the update
method.
In summary , the update metho d in MLJ allows for efﬁcient retraining of
models by avoiding redundant computations. It is especially beneﬁcial for
iterative models, learning networks, and models with time-consuming
preprocessing steps. By implementing the update method, model authors can
optimize the training process and improve the overall performance of their
models within the MLJ framework.
Transform method
A supervised model in MLJ can optionally implement a transform method.
The signature of this method is the same as the predict method.  The purpose
of the transform method is to provide a mechanism for the model to perform
feature transform ations on new input data. This can be useful when the
model has learned feature embeddings or other transformations as part of its
training process.
If a supervised  model implements the transform method, it should also
deﬁne a value for the output_scitype  trait. This trait speciﬁes the scientiﬁc
type (scitype ) of the output of the transform  method. It assures that the
scientiﬁc type of the output of transform(model, fitresult, Xnew)  is
always a subtype of the speciﬁed scientiﬁc type.
One common use case for a transform method in a supervised model is when
the model learns feature embed dings for categorical input features during
training. The model can then act as a transformer , allowing other supervised
models to use it for transforming categorical features instead  of applying
traditional one-hot encoding representations. This can be particularly useful
in scenarios where high-dimen sional one-hot encoding is not desirable or
practical.
By implementing the transform method and deﬁning the output_scitype
trait, a supervised model can provide functionality for transforming input
data based on its learned representations. This enables the model to be used
as a transformer in conjunction with other supervised models within the MLJ
framework.
Models with a probability distribution
For models that ﬁt a probability distribution to data, they should be regarded
as Probabilistic models with the target variable y set to the data and the
feature variables X set to nothing. The predict method for such models
should return a single distribution.
Probability distribution models are considered to be a subtype of supervised
models in MLJ, where the target variable (y) is the data being modeled, and
there are no input variables (X = nothing). These models ﬁt a probability
distribution to the provided data. The predict method for such models should
return a single probability distribution as its output.
Serialization
Serialization refers to the process of saving a machine (model) object to a
persistent storag e format and restoring it. The MLJ user can serialize and
deserialize machines as they would with any other Julia object.
MLJ allows users to serialize and deserialize models using Julia’ s built-in
serialization mechanisms. However , some models may have ﬁt results that
are not serializa ble, such as C pointers. To address this issue,  models can
implement a save and restore method to switch between a ﬁt result and a
persistent, serializable representation of that result.
The save method takes a model object and a fitresult  object as inputs and
returns a persistent, serializable representation of the fitresult . The restore
method takes a model object and a persistent representation of the
fitresult  and returns a valid fitresult  object that can be used by the
model.
However , there can be a proble m when a model’ s fitresult  (returned by
the ﬁt method) is not a persistent object, such as a C pointer  that has no
meaning in a new Julia session. To handle this, model implemen tations need
to deﬁne a save and restore method for converting the fitresult  to a
persistent, serializable representation and reconstructing the fitresult ,
respectively . The save method takes the model and fitresult  as input and
returns a persistent serializable representation of the fitresult .
The restore method takes the model and the serialized fitresult  as input
and reconstructs a valid fitresult  that can be used as if it were returned by
the ﬁt method . If a model does not need any special handling for
serialization, the fallback implementation of save and restore performs no
action and returns the fitresult  or the serialized fitresult , respectively .
The need for a data frontend for MLJ
The data front-e nd in MLJ provides a mechanism for models to deﬁne how
user-supplied data is transformed and represented internally . It serves several
purposes and provides beneﬁts in the following ways:
Flexibility : MLJ supports a wide range of data types and formats, such
as table s, matrices, and more. By implementing a data front-end,
models can deﬁne how they expect the data to be formatted and
transformed to their speciﬁc internal representation. This allows
models to be more ﬂexible in accepting different types of data and
provides a consistent interface for users to work with.
Performance optimization:  The data front-end allows models to
perform preprocessing and data transformations once and reuse them
during subsequ ent operations. By deﬁning the reformatting  logic,
models can avoid redundant computations and improve perfor mance,
especially when dealing with large datasets or complex preprocessing
steps. This can be particularly  important in iterative procedures or
when repeated calls to fit! , predict , or transform  are made.
Memory efﬁciency : Some models might require memory-intensive
data representations, such as large matrices or specialized data
structures. The data front-end enables models to store and operate on
data in their preferred format, which can help optimize memory usage
and improve overall efﬁciency .
Resampling and evaluation : The data front-end also plays a role in
resampling and evaluation procedures. By implementing the
selectrows  method, models can deﬁne how the model-speciﬁc data
should be subsampled for speciﬁc observation indices. This enables
efﬁcient resampling of data during tasks like cross-validation or
bootstrapping. It also ensures that evaluation procedures operate on the
appropriate internal data representation.
Data frontend for MLJ
To implement a data front-end for a model in MLJ, you can follow the
guidelines provided. Here’ s an explanation of the steps involved:
Overload the reformat meth od: The reformat method is used to
transform user-supplied data into the model-speciﬁc representation.
Implement a reformat method for each form of args…  that appears in a
valid machine construction. This means there should be a reformat
method for each possible signature of fit(::SomeModelType, …). The
purpose of reformat is to avoid unnecessary computations when
memory resources allow . The fallback implementation returns the input
arguments as is.
Implement the selectrows  method : The selectrows  method is used
to speci fy how the model-speciﬁc data is subsampled for speciﬁc
observation indices. Implement the selectrows  method  for each
overloading of reformat(model::SomeModel, args…) -> data that
you deﬁned earlier . This allows  for more efﬁcient resampling of data
during operations like evaluate!
Implement other model operations : Implement operations like ﬁt,
predict, and transform, taking into account the reformatted versions of
user-supplied data. For example, in the case of supervised models, the
predict function  would take the reformatted version of the user-
supplied input data. Ensure that the reformatted data is used
consistently across the model operations.
By implementin g the data front-end, you can optimize the comp utations and
memory usage when working  with the model. It allows for efﬁcient
transformation, subsampling, and other operations speciﬁc to the model’ s
representation of data.
Machines in MLJ
In the context of MLJ.jl, “machines” refer to the primary building blocks
used to represent and perform machine learning tasks.
What ar e machines?
A machine is a type of model in MLJ that is composed of other models. This
allows you to combine the strengths of different models to create a more
powerful model.
For exam ple, you could create a machine that consists of a linear regression
model and a decision tree model. The linear regression model would be used
to predic t the main effects of the features, and the decision tree model would
be used to predict the interactions between the features. This would allow
you to create a model that is more accurate than either the linear regression
model or the decision tree model on its own.
How to cr eate machines?
To create a machine, you use the Machine constructor . The Machine
constructor takes a list of model s as input. The models in the list can be any
type of model that is supported by MLJ.
For example, the following code creates a machine that consists of a linear
regression model and a decision tree model:
model = Machine([LinearRegression(), DecisionTree()])
How to ﬁt machines?
To ﬁt a machine, you use the fit!  method . The fit!  method  takes the
machine and the training data as input. The ﬁt! method then trains the
machine on the training data.
The following code ﬁts the machine that was created in the previous
example:
model |> fit!(X, y)
How to pr edict with machines?
To predict with a machine, you use the predict method. The predict method
takes the machine and the test data as input. The predict method then
predicts the labels for the test data.
The following code predicts the labels for the test data using the machine
that was created and ﬁtted in the previous examples:
predictions = model |> predict(X_test)
How to evaluate machines?
To evaluate a machine, you use the evaluate method. The evaluate method
takes the machine, the training data, and the test data as input. The evaluate
method then calculates the accuracy of the machine on the training data and
the test data.
The following code evaluates the machine that was created, ﬁtted, and
predicted in the previous examples:
accuracy = model |> evaluate(X, y, X_test, y_test)
How to compose machines?
You can compose machines by using the compose function. The compose
function takes two machines as input and returns a new machine that is
composed of the two input machines.
The following code composes the machine that was created in the previous
example with a logistic regression model:
composed_model = compose(model, LogisticRegression())
composed_model  is a machine that consists of a linear regression model, a
decision tree model, and a logistic regression model. This allows you to
create a model that is more powerful than any of the individual models on its
own.
Model composition
Model composit ion is the proce ss of combining multiple models to create a
pipeline that can solve a speciﬁc machine learning task. The motivation
behind model composition is that it allows us to take adva ntage of the
strengths of dif ferent models to build a more powerful and accurate model.
The three common ways of combining models are:
Linear  Pipelines (Pipeline) : This method is used for unbranching
chains where the output of one model is used as the input for the next
model. An example of a linear  pipeline is dimension reduction (e.g.,
PCA) followed by a classiﬁcation model (e.g., EvoTreeClassifier ).
Linear pipelines  can also include transformations of the target variable
in supervised learning tasks.
Homogeneous Ensembles  (EnsembleModel ): This method is used to
blend the predictions of multip le supervised models, all of the same
type, but which receive differen t views of the training data to reduce
overall variance. This technique is known as observation bagging.
Model Stackin g (Stack) : This method is used to combine the
predictions of a smaller number of models of possibly different types
with the help of an adjudicating model.
Learning Netw orks : In addition to these three common methods, there
are Learning Networks, which are “blueprints” for combining models
in ﬂexible ways. Learning Networks are simple transformations of
existing workﬂo ws that can be “exported” to deﬁne new, stand-alone
model types. This allows for more complex model compositions
beyond the three common methods mentioned earlier .
Performance measures in MLJ.jl
A performance measure is a way of quantifying the accuracy of a machine
learning model. Performance measures are used to compare different models
and select the best model for a particular task.
Many different performance measures that can be used to evaluate machine
learning models.
How to choose performance measur es?
The choice of performance measure depends on the speciﬁc machine
learning task. For example, if you are building a model to predict whether a
customer will churn, you might  use the accuracy or the F1 score. If you are
building a model to predict the price of a house, you might use the mean
absolute error or the root mean squared error .
Built-in performance measures
MLJ provides a number of built-in performance measures. These measures
can be used to evaluate machine learning models without having to write any
custom code.
The built-in performance measures in MLJ include:
Accuracy
Precision
Recall
F1 score
Mean absolute error
Root mean squared error
Custom performance measures
MLJ also allows you to create custom performance measures. Custom
performance measures can be used to evaluate machine learning models for
tasks that are not supported by built-in performance measures.
To creat e a custom performance measure, you use the Measure constructor .
The Measure constructor takes  a function as input. The function that is
passed to the Measure constructor must take two arguments: the predicted
values and the actual values.
The following code creates a custom performance measure that calculates
the accuracy of a model:
function accuracy(predicted, actual)
sum(predicted .== actual) / length(predicted)
end
accuracy_measure = Measure(accuracy)
The accuracy_measure  variable can now be used to evaluate machine
learning models.
Model evaluation measures
Model evaluation is the process of assessing the accuracy of a machine
learning model. It is an impor tant part of the machine learning process
because it allows you to identify areas where the model can be improved.
There are many different ways to evaluate model performance.  Some of the
most common methods include:
Cross-validation:  Cross-validatio n is a method of evaluating model
performance by training the model on multiple subsets of the data and
then testing the model on the remaining subset of the data.
Holdout sets:  Holdout sets are a subset of the data that is not used to
train the model. The holdout set is used to test the model after it has
been trained.
Bootstrapping:  Bootstrapping is a method of evaluating model
performance by repeatedly sampling the data with replacement and
then training the model on each sample. The model is then tested on the
remaining data.
How to evaluate model performance?
To evalu ate model performance, you need to choose a performan ce metric. A
performance metric is a way of quantifying the accuracy of a model. Some
of the most common performance metrics include:
Accuracy:  Accuracy is the percentage of predictions that are correct.
Precision:  Precision is the percentage of positive predictions that are
actually positive.
Recall:  Recall is the percentage of positive instances that are correctly
identiﬁed as positive.
F1 scor e: The F1 score is a weighted average of precision and recall.
Mean absolute error: The mean absolute error is the average of the
absolute dif ference between the predicted values and the actual values.
Root mean squar ed error: The root mean squared error is the square
root of the average of the squared difference between the predicted
values and the actual values.
The choice of performance metric depends on the speciﬁc machine learning
task. For example, if you are building a model to predict whether a customer
will churn, you might use the accuracy or the F1 score. If you are building a
model to predict the price of a house, you might use the mean absolute error
or the root mean squared error .
Evaluating model performance on a hold-out set
The best way to evaluate model performance is to use a held-out set. A held-
out set is a subset of the data that is not used to train the model. The held-out
set is used to test the model after it has been trained.
The following steps are used to evaluate model performance on a held-out
set:
1. Split the data into a training set and a held-out set.
2. Train the model on the training set.
3. Test the model on the held-out set.
4. Calculate the performance metric for the model.
Evaluating model performance over time
It is important to evaluate model performance over time. This allows you to
identify any changes in the accuracy of the model.
The following steps are used to evaluate model performance over time:
1. Train the model on the data.
2. Test the model on the data.
3. Calculate the performance metric for the model.
4. Repeat the ﬁrst two steps for a while.
By evaluating model performanc e over time, you can identify any changes in
the accuracy of the model and take steps to improve the model if necessary .
Model tuning
Model tuning is the process of adjusting the hyperparameters of a model to
improve its performance. Hype rparameters are the parameters of a model
that are not learned from the data. Some examples of hyperparameters
include the number of trees in a decision tree model, the learning rate of a
neural network, and the regularization strength of a linear regression model.
How to tune models?
There are many  different ways to tune models. Some of the most common
methods include:
Grid search: Grid search is a brute-force method of tuning models.
Grid search involves creating a grid of hyperparameter values and then
training the model on each combination of hyperparameter values. The
model with the best performance is then selected.
Random search: Random  search is a more efﬁcient method of tuning
models than grid search. Random search involves randomly sampling
hyperparameter values from a distribution and then training the model
on each combination of hyperparameter values. The model with the
best performance is then selected.
Bayesian optimization:  Bayesian optimization is a more sophisticated
method of tuning models than grid search or random search. Bayesian
optimization involves using a Bayesian model to estimate the best
hyperparameter values for the model. The model with the best
performance is then selected.
Hyperparameters
Some of the most common hyperparameters for machine learning models
include:
Number  of tr ees: The number of trees in a decision tree model.
Learning rate:  The learning rate of a neural network.
Regularization strength:  The regulariz ation strength of a linear
regression model.
Evaluating tuned models
It is important to evaluate tuned models to ensure that they have improved
performance over the original model. To evaluate tuned models, follow these
steps:
Tune the model on the training set.
Evaluate the tuned model on the hold-out set.
Compare the performance of the tuned model to the performanc e of the
original model.
If the tuned model has improved performance over the original  model, then
you can use the tuned model for making predictions.
What ar e iterative models?
Iterative models  are models that can be updated multiple times to improve
their accuracy . They work by starting with a basic model and then making
small changes to the model based on the results of the previous update. This
process is repeated until the model reaches the desired level of accuracy .
Some examples of iterative models include:
Linear regression
Logistic regression
Decision trees
Neural networks
How to contr ol iterative models?
There are a number of ways to control iterative models. Some  of the most
common methods include:
Setting the number  of iteration s: You can set the number of iterations
that the model will be updated for. This is a simple way to control the
complexity of the model.
Setting the learning rate:  The learning rate controls how much the
model is updated  in each iteratio n. A higher learning rate will cause the
model to learn more quickly , but it may also cause the model to overﬁt
the data.
Using regularization:  Regular ization is a technique that can be used to
prevent overﬁtting. Regularization works by adding a penalty  to the
loss function that is proportional to the complexity of the model.
Common stopping criteria
There are various common stopping criteria that can be used to control
iterative models. Some of the most common stopping criteria include:
Maximum number  of iterations:  You can set the maximum number
of iterations that the model will be updated for. This is a simple way to
control the complexity of the model.
Minimum impr ovement:  You can set a minimum improvement that
the model must make in each iteration before it is updated again. This
can help to prevent the model from overﬁtting the data.
Early stopping:  Early stopping is a technique that can be used to stop
the model from updating before it has reached the maximum number of
iterations. Early  stopping is based on the idea that the model will not
improve signiﬁcantly after a certain point.
Regularization
Regularization is a technique that can be used to prevent overﬁtting.
Regularization works by adding a penalty to the loss function that is
proportional to the complexity of the model. This can help to prevent the
model from learning too much from the training data and to generalize better
to new data.
There are a number of different  regularization techniques that can be used.
Some of the most common regularization techniques include:
Lasso regularization:  Lasso regularization adds a penalty to the loss
function that is proportional to the sum of the absolute values of the
model weights. This can help to prevent the model from learn ing too
many features.
Ridge regulariz ation:  Ridge regularization adds a penalty to the loss
function that is proportional to the sum of the squares of the model
weights. This can help to prevent the model from learning too large of
weights.
What ar e learning curves?
Learning curves  are a way of visualizing the performance of a model as a
function of the amount of data that is used to train the model. Learning
curves typically plot the performance of the model on a held-out set of data
as a function of the number of training examples used to train the model.
How to cr eate learning curves?
To create learning curves, follow these steps:
1. Split the data into a training set and a held-out set.
2. Train the model on the training set.
3. Evaluate the model on the held-out set.
4. Repeat the ﬁrst two steps for a number of dif ferent training set sizes.
5. Plot the perform ance of the model on the held-out set as a function of
the number of training examples used to train the model.
Interpreting learning curves
Learning curves  can be used to interpret the performance of a model and
identify areas where the model  can be improved. Here are some things to
look for when interpreting learning curves:
The shape of the learning curve:  The shape of the learning curve can
tell you about the complexity of the model and the amount of data that
is needed to train the model. A model with a linear learning curve is a
simple model that can be trained  with a small amount of data. A model
with a quadratic learning curve is a more complex model that requires
more data to train.
The location of the peak of the learning curve:  The location of the
peak of the learning curve tells you about the amount of data that is
needed to train the model to its best possible performance. A model
with a peak at a small number of training examples is a mode l that is
overﬁtting the data. A model with a peak at a large number of training
examples is a model that is underﬁtting the data.
The spread of the points on the learning curve:  The spread of the
points on the learning curve tells you about the variance of the model.
A model with a small spread of points is a model with low variance. A
model with a lar ge spread of points is a model with high variance.
Using learning curves to improve models
Learning curves can be used to improve models by identifying  areas where
the model can be improved. Here are some things you can do to improve a
model based on its learning curves:
Reduce the complexity of the model:  If the learning  curve has a
quadratic shape, you can reduce the complexity of the model by using a
simpler model.
Increase the amount of data:  If the learning curve has not reached a
peak, you can increase the amount of data to train the model.
Use regularization:  Regularization can help to reduce the variance of
the model and improve its performance.
Conclusion
MLJ.jl recognizes the importance of data preprocessing and feature
engineering, offering a data frontend that efﬁciently handles diverse data
types, missing values, and transformations. It promotes ﬂexibility and
reproducibility by providing a wide range of machine learning algorithms for
model selection and evaluation. Model composition enables the construction
of sophisticated models by combining individual components. MLJ.jl’ s
comprehensive performance measures aid in selecting the best model for a
given problem. It supports iterative models, beneﬁcial for large datasets and
online learning.  Learning curves in MLJ.jl provide insights into model
performance as training data size increases, aiding in identifying underﬁtting
or overﬁtting and informing data collection and model development
decisions.
In the next chapter , we will learn about Bayesian statistics. Bayesian
statistics is a framework that combines prior knowledge and observed data to
make probabilistic inferences and update beliefs. Optimization is the process
of ﬁnding the best possible solution to a problem by systematically  searching
for optimal values of variables or parameters.
Questions
What is the model interface in MLJ.jl?
What are the beneﬁts of using the model interface in MLJ.jl?
What are some examples of models that implement the model interface
in MLJ.jl?
Why is there a need for a data frontend in MLJ?
What are some of the features of the data frontend in MLJ?
How does the data frontend in MLJ make it easier to work with data?
What are machines in MLJ?
What are the beneﬁts of using machines in MLJ?
What are some examples of machines that can be created in MLJ?
What is model composition?
What are some of the beneﬁts of using model composition?
How can model composition be used to improve the perform ance of
machine learning models?
What are performance measures?
What are some of the most common performance measures used in
machine learning?
How can performance measures be used to evaluate the performance of
machine learning models?
What are iterative models?
What are some examples of iterative models?
What are learning curves?
What are the beneﬁts of using learning curves?
How can learning curves be used to improve the performance of
machine learning models?
CHAPTER 13
Bayesian Statistics and Modeling
Introduction
Bayesian statistics is a method of statistical inference that uses Bayes’
theorem to update our beliefs about a hypothesis or parameter in light of new
evidence. It is a more compreh ensive approach to statistics than traditional
frequentist meth ods, which only consider the likelihood of the data given the
hypothesis.
In Bayes ian statistics, we start with a prior distribution, which represents our
beliefs about the hypothesis or parameter , before we see the data. We then
use Bayes’ theorem to update our prior distribution to a posterior
distribution, which represents our beliefs about the hypothesis or parameter
after we see the data.
The posterior distribution can be used to make inferences about the
hypothesis or parameter , such as calculating a conﬁdence interval or
hypothesis test. It can also be used to make predictions about future data.
Bayesian statistics has several advantages over traditional frequentist
methods. First, it allows us to incorporate prior knowledge into our analysis.
This can be useful when we have some information about the hypothesis or
parameter befor e we see the data. Second, Bayesian statistics allows us to
make inferences about the hypothesis or parameter even when the data is not
perfectly informative. This is because the prior distribution can ﬁll in the
gaps in the data. Third, Bayesian statistics can be used to make predictions
about future data.
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered:
Bayesian inference
Difference between Bayes theorem and frequentist statistical methods
Basic concepts of Bayesian statistics
Calculating the posterior distribution
Making inferences from the posterior distribution
Bayesian models
Various Bayesian models
Manipulating discrete data with Bayesian approach
Manipulating categorical data with Bayesian approach
Gaussian Process Latent Variable Model
Other Bayesian models
Bayesian inference
Bayesian inference is a method of statistical inference that uses Bayes’
theorem to update one’s belief s about a hypothesis as more evidence or
information becomes available. In Bayesian inference, probability is
interpreted as a measure of belief or conﬁdence in an event.
Bayesian inferen ce is a powerful tool that can be used to solve  a variety of
problems. It is a relatively new technique, but it has become increasingly
popular in recent years due to the availability of large datasets and powerful
computing resources.
The following are some of the beneﬁts of using Bayesian inference:
Bayesian inferen ce is a principled approach to statistical inference. It is
based on Bayes’  theorem, which is a fundamental law of probability .
Bayesian inference can be used to incorporate prior knowledge into the
analysis. This can improve the accuracy of the results.
Bayesian inference can be used to make inferences about the state of
the world based on incomplete or uncertain data. This can be useful in
a variety of applications, such as medical diagnosis and ﬁnancial
forecasting.
Bayesian statisti cs can be used for a wide variety of applications, such as
medical research, ﬁnance, and machine learning.
The following are some examples of how Bayesian statistics is used in
practice:
Medical resear ch: Bayesian statistics is often used in medical research
to assess the efﬁcacy of new treatments. For example, a researcher
might use Bayesian statistics to calculate the probability that a new
drug is ef fective in treating a particular disease.
Finance:  Bayesian statistics is used in ﬁnance to make predictions
about the future value of assets, such as stocks and bonds. For example,
a ﬁnancial analyst might use Bayesian statistics to calculate the
probability that a stock price will rise or fall in the next year .
Machine learni ng: Bayesian statistics is used in machine learning to
train models that can make predictions about new data. For example, a
machine learnin g engineer might use Bayesian statistics to train a
model that can predict whether a customer will click an ad.
Bayesian inference can be used to solve a variety of problems, including:
Classiﬁcation: Bayesian inference can be used to classify data into two
or more categories.
Regression: Bayesian inference can be used to predict a continuous
value from a set of features.
Inference: Bayes ian inference can be used to make inferences about the
state of the world based on incomplete or uncertain data.
The following are some of the challenges of using Bayesian inference:
Bayesian inference can be computationally expensive. This is because
it requires the calculation of the posterior probability , which can be a
complex function.
Bayesian infere nce can be difﬁcult to understand. This is because it
requires a basic understanding of probability theory .
Bayesian infere nce can be sensitive to the choice of the prior
distribution. This means that the results of the analysis can be sensitive
to the assumptions that are made about the prior distribution.
Difference between Bayes' theorem and
Frequentist statistical methods
Bayesian statisti cs is different from other statistical methods in a few key
ways.
First, Bayesian statistics uses Bayes’  theorem to update our beliefs about a
hypothesis or parameter in light of new evidence. This is in contrast to
Frequentist statistics, which only considers the likelihood of the data given
the hypothesis.
Second, Bayesian statistics allow s us to incorporate prior knowledge into our
analysis. This can be useful when we have some informatio n about the
hypothesis or parameter before  we see the data. Frequentist statistics does
not allow us to do this.
Third, Bayesian  statistics can be used to make predictions abou t future data.
Frequentist statistics can only be used to make inferences abou t the past or
present.
Bayesian statistics is a more comprehensive approach to statistics than
traditional frequentist methods. It allows us to incorporate prior knowledge
into our analysi s and make predictions about future data. This makes it a
powerful tool for a wide variet y of applications, such as medical research,
ﬁnance, and machine learning.
The following are some additional examples of how Bayesian statistics is
different from other statistical methods:
Bayesian statistics uses probability theory to represent unce rtainty ,
while frequentist statistics uses statistics.
Bayesian statist ics uses priors to represent our beliefs about the
unknown parameters, while frequentist statistics does not.
Bayesian statistics uses Bayes’  theorem to update our beliefs about the
unknown parameters after seeing the data, while frequentist statistics
uses maximum likelihood estim ation to ﬁnd the parameter values that
maximize the likelihood function.
Basic concepts of Bayesian statistics
Bayesian statistics is a method of statistical inference that uses Bayes’
theorem to update one’s belief s about a hypothesis as more evidence or
information becomes available. In Bayesian statistics, probability is
interpreted as a measure of belief or conﬁdence in an event.
The basic concepts of Bayesian statistics are:
Prior  distribution:  A prior distribut ion is a probabi lity distribution that
represents one’s beliefs about a hypothesis before seeing any data. It
can be based on previous knowledge, expert opinion, or even gut
feeling.
Likelihood function:  The likelihood function is a probability function
that describes how likely the data is under a particular hypothesis. It is
calculated by multiplying the prior distribution by the probability of the
data, given the hypothesis.
Posterior  distribution:  The posterior distribution is a probability
distribution that represents one’s beliefs about a hypothesis after seeing
the data. It is calculated using Bayes’  theorem, which takes the prior
distribution and the likelihood  function as input and outputs the
posterior distribution.
Bayesian statistics can be used to solve a wide variety of problems,
including:
Estimating the parameters of a probability distribution:  Bayesian
statistics can be used to estimate the parameters of a probability
distribution, such as the mean and standard deviation of a normal
distribution.
Making predictions about futur e events:  Bayesian statistics can be
used to make predictions about future events, such as the probability of
rain tomorrow .
Testing hypothe ses: Bayesian statistics can be used to test hypotheses
about the world, such as the hypothesis that a new drug is effective in
treating a particular disease.
Calculating the posterior distribution
Suppose we want to estimate the probability of ﬂipping a fair coin and
getting heads. We don’t know the true probability , so we need to use a prior
distribution. In this case, we can use a uniform prior distribution, which
means that we believe that all possible values of the probability are equally
likely .
Now , let’s say we ﬂip the coin 10 times and get heads 7 times. This new
information can be used to update our beliefs about the probability of
ﬂipping heads. We do this by using Bayes’  theorem, which tells us that the
posterior distribution is proport ional to the product of the prior distribution
and the likelihood function.
In this case, the likelihood function is simply the probability of getting 7
heads in 10 ﬂips of a fair coin. This probability can be calcula ted using the
binomial distribution.
The posterior distribution is then calculated by multiplying the prior
distribution by the likelihood function. This gives us a posterior distribution
that is centered around 0.7, which means that we now believe that the
probability of ﬂipping heads is 70%.
As we collect more data, our beliefs about the probability of ﬂipping heads
will continue to update. This is the power of Bayesian statistics : it allows us
to use our prior beliefs and new data to make informed decisions.
Now , let us look at another example. Suppose we want to estimate the
probability of a patient having a disease, given that they have tested positive
for the disease. We don’t know the true probability , so we need to use a prior
distribution. In this case, we can use a uniform prior distribution, which
means that we believe that all possible values of the probability are equally
likely .
Now , let’s say that the sensitivity of the test is 90%, which means that if the
patient has the disease, there is a 90% chance that the test will be positive.
The speciﬁcity of the test is 95%, which means that if the patient does not
have the disease, there is a 95% chance that the test will be negative.
Making inferences from the posterior distribution
A mathematical expression for Bayes’  theorem:
Posterior = Prior * Likelihood / Normalizing Constant
In this expression,
Posterior is the probability distribution of the parameter after seeing the
data.
Prior is the probability distribution of the parameter before seeing the
data.
Likelihood is the probability of the data, given the parameter .
Normalizing constant is a constant that ensures the posterior
distribution is a valid probabili ty distribution. It is also known  as the
marginal likelihood or evidence. The normalizing constant ensures that
the posterior distribution integrates (or sums) to 1, thereby representing
a valid probability distribution.
The prior probab ility can be any value between 0 and 1. In this example, we
will use a prior probability of 0.5, which means that we believe that there is
a 50% chance that the patient has the disease.
The likelihood of getting a positive test result, given that the patient has the
disease, is given by the following equation:
The likelihood to ensure that the posterior distribution integrates to 1.
Likelihood = Sensitivity * (1 - Specificity)
In this expression,
Sensitivity is the probability that the test will be positive, given that the
patient has the disease.
Speciﬁcity is the probability that the test will be negative, given that
the patient does not have the disease.
Substituting the prior probability , likelihood, and sensitivity into the
equation for the posterior probability , we get the following equation:
Posterior = (0.5) * (0.9) / Normalizing Constant
The normalizin g constant is a constant that is used to ensure that the
posterior probability integrates to 1. The value of the normalizin g constant is
not important for this example, so we can ignore it.
Therefore, the posterior probability of the patient having the disease, given
that they have tested positive, is 0.45. This means that there is a 45% chance
that the patient has the disease, given that they have tested positive.
As you can see, Bayes’  theorem can be used to update one’s beliefs about a
hypothesis, given new evidence. In this example, we use Bayes’  theorem to
update our belie f about the probability of a patient having a disease, given
that they have tested positive.
Bayesian models
Bayesian models are statistical models that incorporate prior knowledge or
beliefs about a particular phenomenon into the modeling process. They are
based on Bayesian probability theory , which allows for the quantiﬁcation
and updating of uncertain beliefs in the presence of new evidence.
In Baye sian modeling, the uncertain quantities in the model, known as
parameters, are treated as random variables. These parameters are assigned
prior probability distributions that express the initial beliefs or knowledge
about their values before observ ing any data. The prior distribu tions can be
based on expert opinions, previous studies, or other sources of information.
Once the prior distributions are speciﬁed, Bayesian models combine them
with observed data using Bayes’  theorem to obtain the posterior distribution
of the parameters. The posterio r distribution represents the updated beliefs
about the parameters given the observed data. It combines the prior
knowledge with the likelihood of the data under the model.
Bayesian models can be used for a wide range of statistical analyses,
including regression, classiﬁcation, clustering, time series analysis, and
more. They provide a ﬂexible framework for incorporating prior knowledge,
handling uncertainty , and making probabilistic inferences about the
parameters and predictions of the model.
One of the advantages of Bayesian modeling is that it naturally accounts for
uncertainty and provides a full probability distribution for the parameters,
allowing for the quantiﬁcation of uncertainty in predictions and decision-
making. Additionally , Bayesian models can be updated as new data becomes
available, enabling iterative learning and reﬁnement of beliefs.
Some commonly used Bayesian models include Bayesian linear regression,
Bayesian networks, Bayesian hierarchical models, and Markov chain Monte
Carlo (MCMC) methods for sampling from complex posterior distributions.
Bayesian models provide a ﬂexible framework for making inferences and
predictions. They can be applied to a wide range of problems, including
regression, classiﬁcation, clustering, and time series analysis, among others.
By using the full posterior distribution, Bayesian model s allow for
uncertainty quantiﬁcation, which is particularly useful when making
decisions or performing sensitivity analyses.
Various Bayesian models
Various types of Bayesian models can be used depending on the speciﬁc
problem and data at hand. Here are some commonly used types of Bayesian
models:
Bayesian linear  regression :
Bayesian linear regression extends the classical linear regression. It
allows for the incorporation of prior beliefs about the regression
coefﬁcients and provides posterior distributions for the coefﬁ cients,
enabling uncertainty quantiﬁcation. It allows for uncertainty
quantiﬁcation and provides posterior distributions for the coefﬁ cients.
For example, suppose you want to predict housing prices based on
features like size, location, and number of bedrooms. Bayesian linear
regression can estimate the coefﬁcients of these features while
considering prior knowledge about their relationships.
Bayesian logistic r egression :
Similar to linear regression, Bayesian logistic regression incorporates
prior beliefs about the coefﬁcients, but it is used for binary
classiﬁcation problems where the dependent variable is binary . For
instance, imagine you want to predict whether a customer will churn or
not based on their demographic and behavioral data. Bayesian logistic
regression allows you to estimate the coefﬁcients while considering
prior beliefs about their inﬂuence on churn probability .
Bayesian hierar chical models :
Bayesian hierarchical models are employed when data has a
hierarchical or nested structure.  They allow for modeling both within-
group and between-group variability and incorporating prior
information at different levels of the hierarchy . For example, consider a
study comparing the effectiveness of different treatments across
multiple hospitals. A Bayesian hierarchical model can capture the
variation within hospitals as well as estimate the differences in
treatment ef fects between hospitals.
Bayesian mixtur e models :
Mixture models are used for clustering and density estimation.
Bayesian approaches to mixture models allow for estimating the
number of clusters, automatic model selection, and uncertainty
quantiﬁcation. Suppose you have customer data and want to segment
them into distinct groups based on their preferences. A Bayesian
mixture model can identify the number of customer segments and
assign each customer to a speciﬁc segment, considering uncertainty in
the assignments.
Bayesian time series models :
Bayesian time series models are employed to analyze time-dependent
data. They allow for incorporating prior information, modeling
complex dependencies, and forecasting with uncertainty . For example,
in stock market analysis, a Bayesian time series model can be used to
forecast stock prices based on historical data, capturing the uncertainty
in the predictions.
Bayesian networks :
Bayesian networks represent probabilistic relationships among
variables using directed acyclic graphs. They allow for efﬁcient
inference and reasoning under  uncertainty . An example could be a
medical diagno sis system that models the relationships between
symptoms and diseases. A Bayesian network can incorporate prior
beliefs and observed symptoms to estimate the probabilities of different
diseases given the symptoms.
Gaussian pr ocesses :
Gaussian processes are non-parametric models used for regression and
classiﬁcation tasks. They provide a ﬂexible and Bayesian way to model
complex functions and offer uncertainty estimates in predictions. For
instance, in the ﬁeld of autonom ous vehicles, Gaussian processes can
be used to model the uncertain ty in predicting the trajectory of other
vehicles on the road.
Bayesian neural networks :
Bayesian approa ches can be applied to neural networks to incorporate
uncertainty in the weights and model parameters. This allows for
robust predictions and uncertainty quantiﬁcation in deep learning
models. For example, in image recognition tasks, a Bayesian neural
network can provide not only the predicted class for an image but also
the associated uncertainty in the prediction.
These examples showcase the application of different Bayesian models
across various domains, highlighting their ability to incorporate prior
knowledge, handle uncertainty , and provide richer probabilistic inferences.
Bayesian linear regression
Let’s consider an example of Bayesian linear regression in the context of
predicting housing prices based  on features like size, location, and number
of bedrooms.
Suppose you have a dataset of houses with the following information:
Size (in square feet): [1500, 2000, 1800, 2200, 2500]
Location (categorical): [“Suburb”, “City”, “Suburb”, “City”, “Rural”]
Number of bedrooms: [3, 4, 3, 5, 4]
Price (in thousands of dollars): [250, 300, 280, 320, 350]
In Baye sian linear regression, we incorporate prior belief s about the
regression coefﬁcients (intercept and slopes) and estimate their posterior
distributions given the data. Let’s assume a simple linear regression model
with the following equation:
Price = β ₀ + β ₁ * Size + β ₂ * Location + β ₃ * Bedrooms + ε
where β₀ is the intercept,  β₁, β₂, and β₃ are the coefﬁci ents for the size,
location, and number of bedroom s, respectively , and ε represents the random
error term.
To incor porate prior beliefs, we assign prior probability distributions to the
coefﬁcients. Let’s assume a normal distribution for simplicity . For instance,
we may have the following prior beliefs:
β₀ ~ N(٠٠٠١, ٠) (prior belief that the intercept is centered around 0) β₁ ~
N(١, ٠)( prior belief that the coefﬁcien t for size has a small effect) β₂ ~
N(١, ٠)( prior belief that the coefﬁcient for location has a small effect) β₃ ~
N(١, ٠)( prior belief that the coefﬁcient for bedrooms has a small ef fect)
To estimate the posterior distributions, we combine the prior distributions
with the likeliho od of the data. The likelihood is typically assumed to be
normally distrib uted, and we can use Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC)
methods, such as Gibbs sampling or Hamiltonian Monte Carlo, to draw
samples from the posterior distributions.
Using these samples, we can then make predictions and calculate credible
intervals that capture the uncertainty in our estimates. The credible intervals
provide a range of plausible values for the predicted price.
By incorporating prior beliefs and estimating the posterior distributions,
Bayesian linear regression allows us to not only estimate the coefﬁcients but
also quantify uncertainty in our predictions, providing a more
comprehensive analysis compared to classical linear regression.
Bayesian logistic regression
Let’s consider an example of Bayesian logistic regression in the context of
predicting wheth er a customer will churn or not based on their demographic
and behavioral data.
Suppose you have a dataset with the following variables for each customer:
Age: [35, 42, 28, 55, 38]
Gender: [“Male”, “Female”, “Female”, “Male”, “Male”]
Monthly Income (in thousands): [5, 7, 3, 10, 6]
Number of Transactions: [10, 5, 3, 12, 8]
Churn Status: [0, 1, 1, 0, 0] (0 indicates no churn, 1 indicates churn)
In Baye sian logistic regression, we incorporate prior belief s about the
logistic regression coefﬁcients and estimate their posterior distributions
given the data. The logistic regression model uses a logistic function to
model the probability of churn:
P(Churn = 1) = 1 / (1 + exp(-( β ₀ + β ₁ * Age + β ₂ * Gender + β ₃
* Income + β ₄ * Transactions)))
where β₀ is the intercept, β₁, β₂, β₃, and β₄ are the coefﬁci ents for the age,
gender , income, and transactions, respectively .
To incor porate prior beliefs, we assign prior probability distributions to the
coefﬁcients. Let’ s assume a normal distribution for simplicity . For example:
β₀ ~ N(٠١, ٠( )prior belief that the intercept is centered around 0) β₁ ~
N(١, ٠)( prior belief that the coefﬁcien t for age has a small effect) β₂ ~
N(١, ٠)( prior belief that the coefﬁcient for gender has a small effect) β₃ ~
N(١, ٠)( prior belief that the coefﬁcient  for income has a small effect) β₄ ~
N(١, ٠)( prior belief that the coefﬁcient for transactions has a small ef fect)
To estimate the posterior distributions, we combine the prior distributions
with the likeliho od of the data. The likelihood is determined by the observed
churn status, and we can use MCMC methods, such as Gibbs  sampling or
Hamiltonian Monte Carlo, to draw samples from the posterior distributions.
Using these samples, we can make predictions by calculating the probability
of churn for new customers and computing credible intervals to capture the
uncertainty in our predictions.
Bayesian logisti c regression allows us to estimate the coefﬁcie nts, quantify
uncertainty , and make probabilistic predictions. It incorporates prior beliefs
and provides a more comprehensive analysis compared to classical logistic
regression, takin g into account uncertainty and allowing for more informed
decision-making.
Bayesian networks
Let’s consider an example of a Bayesian network in the context of a medical
diagnosis system. Imagine we have a set of symptoms and diseases and want
to model the probabilistic relationships between them.
Suppose we have the following variables:
Chest Pain (CP): [Y es, No]
Shortness of Breath (SOB): [Y es, No]
Heart Disease (HD): [Y es, No]
Lung Disease (LD): [Y es, No]
The goal is to build a Bayesian network that represents the dependencies and
conditional probabilities between these variables. The structure of the
network can be represented as a directed acyclic graph (DAG ) where the
nodes correspond to the variables, and the edges represent the probabilistic
dependencies.
Let’s assume the following dependencies and conditional probabilities:
CP inﬂuences HD: Chest Pain is a symptom that can indicate the
presence of Heart Disease.
SOB inﬂuences HD: Shortness of Breath is another symptom that can
indicate the presence of Heart Disease.
HD inﬂuences LD: Heart Disease can be a risk factor for Lung Disease.
The conditional probability tables (CPT s) represent the probabilities of each
variable given its parents in the network. Here’ s an example of how the
CPTs may look for this Bayesian network:
P(CP) - the probability of Chest Pain: [Y es: 0.3, No: 0.7]
P(SOB|HD) - the probability of Shortness of Breath given Heart
Disease:
HD: Yes [Y es: 0.8, No: 0.2]
HD: No [Y es: 0.1, No: 0.9]
P(HD) - the probability of Heart Disease: [Y es: 0.05, No: 0.95]
P(LD|HD) - the probability of Lung Disease given Heart Disease:
HD: Yes [Y es: 0.7, No: 0.3]
HD: No [Y es: 0.2, No: 0.8]
With this Bayesian network, we can perform various types of inference. For
example:
Given observed symptoms, we can calculate the probability of Heart
Disease or Lung Disease.
Given the presence of Heart Disease, we can infer the probab ility of
Lung Disease.
Given the absence of Chest Pain and Shortness of Breath, we can
update the probability of Heart Disease.
By propagating probabilities through the network using the rules of
conditional probability , we can make informed inferences about the variables
of interest.
Bayesian networks provide a graphical and intuitive representation of
probabilistic dependencies and allow for efﬁcient inference and reasoning
under uncertaint y. They are widely used in various ﬁelds, inclu ding medical
diagnosis, risk assessment, decision support systems, and more.
Gaussian processes
Let’s consider an example of Gaussian processes in the context of predicting
housing prices based on historical data.
Suppose you have a dataset with the following information:
Size (in square feet): [1500, 2000, 1800, 2200, 2500]
Price (in thousands of dollars): [250, 300, 280, 320, 350]
The goal is to build a Gaussian process model to predict housing prices for
new properties based on their size.
Gaussian processes (GPs) are non-parametric models that can be used for
regression tasks. They provide  a ﬂexible and Bayesian way to model
complex functio ns. In the case of housing price prediction, we can assume a
Gaussian process prior to the unknown function that maps size to price.
To specify the GP, we need to deﬁne a mean function and a covariance
function (also known as a kerne l function). The mean function represents the
prior expectatio n of the function, and the covariance function characterizes
the smoothness and correlation structure of the function.
For exam ple, we can choose a zero-mean GP and use a squared exponential
kernel as the covariance function:
Mean function: zero mean Covariance function: squared exponential kernel
Using the observed data, we can compute the posterior distribution over
functions, whic h is also a Gaussian process. This posterior distribution
captures the uncertainty in our predictions and provides a probabilistic
estimate of the housing prices for new properties.
Given a new property size, we can use the Gaussian process model to make
predictions and provide credibl e intervals that represent the uncertainty in
our estimates. The credible intervals give a range of plausible values for the
predicted price.
By leveraging the ﬂexibility and Bayesian nature of Gaussian processes, we
can model complex relationships between variables and capture uncertainty
in predic tions. Gaussian process es are widely used in regression tasks, time
series analysis, optimization, and other ﬁelds where probabilistic modeling
and uncertainty quantiﬁcation are essential.
Bayesian neural networks
Let’s consider an example of Bayesian neural networks (BNNs) in the
context of image recognition.
Suppose you have a dataset of images labeled with different categories, such
as cats and dogs. The goal is to train a BNN to classify new images into
these categories while capturing the uncertainty in the predictions.
A Baye sian neural network extends a traditional neural network by
incorporating uncertainty in the weights and model parameters. This allows
for more robust predictions and provides a measure of conﬁdence in the
model’ s outputs.
In a BNN, instead of having ﬁxed weights as in a standard neural network,
we assig n probability distributions to the weights and biases of the network.
We can use prior distributions to represent our prior belie fs about the
weights, and during training, we update these distributions to obtain
posterior distributions that reﬂect our updated beliefs given the observed
data.
To estim ate the posterior distributions over the weights, we typically use
Bayesian inferen ce techniques, such as Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC)
or variational inference. These methods sample from the posterior
distribution or approximate it, respectively .
During inference, we can propagate multiple samples from the posterior
through the network to make predictions. Instead of a single output, we
obtain a distribution over the predicted categories, capturing the uncertainty
in the classiﬁcation.
For example, given a new image, a BNN might output a distribution
indicating that there is a 70% probability of the image being a cat and a 30%
probability of it being a dog. This provides a more informative prediction
compared to a deterministic neural network, as it allows us to quantify our
uncertainty in the classiﬁcation.
Bayesian neural networks are useful in scenarios where uncertainty
estimation is crucial, such as safety-critical systems, decision-making under
uncertainty , and active learning, among others. By incorporating Bayesian
inference into neural networks,  BNNs provide a powerful framework for
robust and probabilistic predictions.
Building a Bayesian model
Building a Bayesian model involves several steps, including specifying the
model structure, choosing prior distributions, estimating the posterior
distributions, and performing inference. Here’ s a general guide on how to
build a Bayesian model:
1. Deﬁne the model structur e:
a. Identify the variables: Determine the input variables, output variables,
and any intermediate variables that are relevant to your problem.
b. Determine the relationships: Specify how the variables are related to
each other. This could be throu gh direct dependencies or conditional
dependencies.
c. Choose the model type: Select the appropriate model type based  on the
problem at hand, such as Bayesian linear regression, Bayesian logistic
regression, Gaussian processes, or hierarchical models.
2. Specify prior  distributions :
a. Assign prior probability distributions: Choose prior distributions for the
model parameters. Priors reﬂect  your beliefs or assumptions about the
parameter values before observing the data.
b. Incorporate prior knowledge: If you have prior knowledge or
information about the parameters, use appropriate prior distributions to
represent that knowledge.
c. Consider the complexity: Select  prior distributions that strike a balance
between providing enough ﬂexibility to capture the true relationships in
the data and preventing overﬁtting.
3. Construct the likelihood :
a. Determine the likelihood function: Deﬁne the likelihood function,
which represents the probability of observing the data given the model
parameters.
b. Choose an appropriate likelihood: The choice of likelihood depends on
the problem type and the nature of the data. Common choices include
Gaussian, Bernoulli, multinomial, or Poisson distributions.
c. Incorporate measurement error:  If your data has measurement error or
uncertainty , consider incorporating it into the likelihood function to
capture the data noise accurately .
4. Estimate posterior  distributions :
a. Calculate the posterior distributions: Use Bayes’  theorem to update the
prior distributions based on the observed data and the likelihood
function.
b. Choose inferenc e methods: Depending on the complexity of the model
and the availability of analytical solutions, use appropriate inference
methods such as Markov chain  Monte Carlo (MCMC) or variational
inference.
c. Obtain samples  from the posterior: Run MCMC chains or perform
variational inference to obtain samples from the posterior distribution
of the model parameters.
5. Perform infer ence :
a. Make predictions: Use the posterior samples to make predictions for
new data points or infer unobserved variables.
b. Quantify uncer tainty: Utilize the posterior samples to compute
summary statist ics, such as means, variances, or credible intervals, to
quantify and communicate uncertainty in the predictions.
c. Conduct hypothesis testing: Assess the signiﬁcance of model
parameters or test hypotheses by examining the posterior distributions.
6. Evaluate and r eﬁne :
a. Assess model performance: Evaluate the model’ s ﬁt to the data using
appropriate evaluation metrics, such as mean squared error , log-
likelihood, or classiﬁcation accuracy .
b. Reﬁne the model: If the model’ s performance is unsatisfactory , iterate
on the model by adjusting the model structure, prior distributions, or
hyperparameters. Consider adding or removing variables, chang ing the
model complexity , or updating prior assumptions.
7. Interpr et and communicate r esults :
a. Understand the model outputs:  Interpret the results of the Bayesian
model, including the posterior distributions, to gain insights into the
relationships between variable s, model uncertainty , and parameter
estimates.
b. Communicate effectively: Present the results in a clear and
understandable manner to stakeholders, decision-makers, or other
interested parties. Highlight the probabilistic nature of the predictions
and provide appropriate visualizations or summaries of the posterior
distributions.
Remember that building a Bayesian model is an iterative process that
requires domain  knowledge, data analysis skills, and an unde rstanding of
probabilistic modeling. It’s essential to consider the assumptions and
limitations of the model and continually reﬁne it based on feedback and new
insights.
Bayesian modeling in Julia
Turing.jl is a Julia programming language library that provides a ﬂexible and
powerful framework for probabilistic programming. It allows users to deﬁne
and perform Bayesian inference for complex probabilistic models using a
high-level syntax.
Turing.jl is designed to enable researchers and practitioners to easily build
and experiment with Bayesian models. It offers a wide range of modeling
constructs and inference algorithms, making it suitable for various
applications such as data analysis, machine learning, and scientiﬁc
computing.
Key features of Turing.jl are as follows:
Probabilistic modeling : Turing .jl allows you to deﬁne probabilistic
models using a simple and intuitive syntax. You can express the
relationships between variables  and incorporate prior knowledge or
assumptions about the model parameters.
Bayesian infer ence : The library provides various algorithms for
Bayesian inference, including Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC)
methods like Hamiltonian Monte Carlo (HMC) and particle-based
methods such as sequential Monte Carlo (SMC). These algorithms
estimate the posterior distributions of the model parameters given the
observed data.
Automatic differentiation : Turing.jl leverages Julia’ s powerful
automatic differentiation capabilities, enabling efﬁcient and scalable
computation of gradients for inference algorithms like HMC. This
allows for faster conver gence and more accurate posterior estimation.
Extensive distri butions : The library offers a comprehen sive collection
of probability distributions, including common univariate and
multivariate distributions, as well as specialized distributio ns for
speciﬁc applications. Users can easily deﬁne custom distributions as
well.
Advanced modeling constructs : Turing.jl provides advanc ed
modeling constructs such as hierarchical models, mixture models, time
series models, and hidden Markov models. These constructs allow you
to represent complex dependencies and structures in your models.
Model checking and validation : Turing.jl offers diagnostics and tools
for model checking and validati on. This helps identify potential issues
or discrepancies between the model and the observed data, ensuring the
model’ s reliability .
Integration with Julia ecosystem : Being built on the Julia
programming language, Turing.jl seamlessly integrates with other Julia
packages, enabling users to leverage the rich ecosystem of libraries for
data manipulation, visualization, and scientiﬁc computing.
Turing.jl is actively maintained and developed by a community of
researchers and practitioners. It is continually evolving, incorporating new
features, and beneﬁting from the advancements in the Julia language itself.
Let us solve the coin-ﬂipping example by using the Turing probabilistic
programming language to specify and approximate a posterior distribution
using samples.
Let us ﬁrst impo rt the Turing library , which is a probabilistic programming
language for specifying and sampling from probabilistic models and the
MCMCChains  library , which provides functions for analyzing and visualizing
samples obtained from Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods.
using Turing, MCMCChains
Then, we will deﬁne a Turing model called coin ﬂip. It is an unconditioned
coin ﬂip model with N observations. The prior distribution for the
probability of heads, p, is speciﬁed as a Beta(1, 1) distribution. The
observations, y, are drawn from  N independent and identically distributed
Bernoulli distributions with success rate p.
@model function coinflip(; N::Int)
# Our prior belief about the probability of heads in a coin
toss.
p ~ Beta(1, 1)
# Heads or tails of a coin are drawn from `N` independent and
identically
# distributed Bernoulli distributions with success rate `p`.
y ~ filldist(Bernoulli(p), N)
return y
end;
We can generate random samples from the coinﬂip model. It returns a tuple
with the sampled value of p and an array of sampled values of y .
rand(coinflip(; N))
We will deﬁne a conditioned version of the coinﬂip model.  It takes an
additional argument y (an array of observations) and conditions the model
on those observations. The | (; y) syntax speciﬁes that the model should
be conditioned on the observations y .
coinflip(y::AbstractVector{<:Real}) = coinflip(; N=length(y)) |
(; y)
We will create an instance of the coinﬂip model by calling it with the data
argument. The data ar gument should be an array of observations.
model = coinflip(data);
We will then create a sampler object for Hamiltonian Monte Carlo (HMC)
sampling. The NUTS (No-U-T urn Sampler) algorithm is used here.
sampler = NUTS();
We will perform MCMC sampling using the speciﬁed model and sampler . It
draws 1000 samples from the posterior distribution. The progress=false
argument suppresses the progress bar .
chain = sample(model, sampler, 1_000; progress=false);
Let us create a histogram plot of the samples obtained from the MCMC
chain. It visualizes the approximate posterior distribution.
histogram(chain)
You can see that it is much easier to use Turing.jl to evaluate various
Bayesian statistical models.
Manipulating discrete data with Bayesian
approach
To solve a linear regression problem using Turing.jl, you can follow these
steps:
Step 1 : Install the required packages: First, make sure you have Turing.jl and
other necessary packages install ed. You can do this by running the following
code in the Julia REPL  or Jupyter Notebook:
import Pkg
Pkg.add(“Turing”)
Pkg.add(“Distributions”)
Pkg.add(“StatsPlots”)
Step 2 : Import required packages: Import the necessary packages in Julia:
using Turing
using Distributions
using StatsPlots
Step 3: Generate synthetic data: Generate some synthetic data for the linear
regression problem. Let’s assum e we have n data points, and x and y are the
independent and dependent variables, respectively:
julia> n = 100
100
julia> x = rand(n)
100-element Vector{Float64}:
0.1454876506720857
︙
0.871731039104576
julia> intercept_true = 2.0
2.0
julia> slope_true = 3.0
3.0
julia> noise_std = 0.5
0.5
julia> y = intercept_true .+ slope_true .* x + rand(Normal(0,
noise_std), n)
100-element Vector{Float64}:
2.985222764640527
︙
4.1866572131062565
Step 4: Deﬁne the linear regression model: Deﬁne the linear regression
model in Turing using the @model  macro:
julia> @model function linear_regression(x, y)
n = length(x)
intercept ~ Normal(0, 10)
slope ~ Normal(0, 10)
noise_std ~ Truncated(Normal(0, 10), 0, Inf)
for i in 1:n
y[i] ~ Normal(intercept + slope * x[i], noise_std)
end
end
linear_regression (generic function with 2 methods)
Step 5: Specify and run the inference: Specify the inference algorithm  and
run it to obtain samples from the posterior distribution:
Figure 13.1:  Bayesian model for linear r egression
Now , let’s put our model into the MCMC chain and train our model on
discrete data.
Figure 13.2:  Bayesian chain for linear r egression
Step 6: Analyz e and visualize the results: Analyze and visualize the results
to understand the posterior distribution of the model parameters:
plot(chain)
Figure 13.3:  Plots and charts specifying the sample value over a standar d period and for a certain
number of iterations
This will generate plots showin g the posterior distributions of the intercept,
slope, and noise standard deviation.
By following these steps, you can use Turing.jl to solve a linear regression
problem by inferring the posterior distribution of the model parameters.
Manipulating categorical data with Bayesian
approach
To solve  a Bayesian logistic regression problem using Turing.jl. Bayesian
logistic regressio n allows us to estimate the uncertainty associated with the
model parameters and make probabilistic predictions.
To begin, make sure you have Turing.jl installed. You can install it by
running the following command in the Julia REPL:
using Pkg
Pkg.add(“Turing”)
Once you have Turing.jl installed, you can use it to perform Bayesian
logistic regression. Here’ s an example code that demonstrates the process:
julia> using Turing, MCMCChains, Random
julia> # Generate synthetic data
Random.seed!(123)
TaskLocalRNG()
julia> n = 100 # number of data points
100
julia> x = randn(n)
100-element Vector{Float64}:
0.8082879284649668
-1.1220725081141734
︙
0.14837536667608195
julia> y = rand(Float64, n) .< 1 ./ (1 .+ exp.(-3 * x)) #
logistic regression model
100-element BitVector:
1
0
︙
0
julia> # Define the Bayesian logistic regression model
@model function logistic_regression(x, y)
# Priors
β ~ Normal(0, 5)
α ~ Normal(0, 5)
# Linear predictor
η = α .+ β  * x
# Likelihood
for i in 1:length(x)
y[i] ~ Bernoulli(1 / (1 + exp(- η [i])))
end
end
logistic_regression (generic function with 2 methods)
In this example , we generate synthetic data with a logistic regression
relationship between the input x and the binary output y. We deﬁne the
Bayesian logistic regression model using the @model  macro provided by
Turing.jl. The model speciﬁes the priors for the parameters β and α, and
deﬁnes the linear predictor η and the likelihood of the data y. The logistic
transformation is done by p = 1 ./ (1 .+ exp.(- η )) to ensure the
probabilities are calculated correctly .
We then use the sample functio n to run the MCMC sampler (in this case,
we’re using the NUTS sampler). We specify the model, the sampling
algorithm, and the number of samples we want to obtain (in this case, 1000
samples).
Figure 13.4:  Bayesian chain for logistic r egression
After running the sampler , we can summarize the results using the summary
function from the MCMCChain s package. This provides a summary of the
posterior distributions of the parameters.
Finally , we can extract the parameter samples from the chains using indexing
(chains[: β ] and chains[: α ] in this example) for further  analysis or
visualization.
julia> # Summarize the results
describe(chain)
2-element Vector{ChainDataFrame}:
Summary Statistics (2 x 8)
Quantiles (2 x 6)
julia> # Extract the parameter samples
β_samples = chain[: β ]
2-dimensional AxisArray{Float64,2,…} with axes:
:iter, 501:1:1500
:chain, 1:1
And data, a 1000×1 Matrix{Float64}:
2.2379346024854163
︙
3.2173969793645107
julia> α _samples = chain[: α ]
2-dimensional AxisArray{Float64,2,…} with axes:
:iter, 501:1:1500
:chain, 1:1
And data, a 1000×1 Matrix{Float64}:
-0.3670272203555585
︙
-0.0674713027768106
Gaussian Process Latent Variable Model
The Gaussian Process Latent Variable Model (GPL VM) is a probabilistic
latent variable model that combines the ﬂexibility of Gaussian processes
(GPs) with the ability to learn  low-dimensional representations of high-
dimensional data. It is primarily used for dimensionality reduction and
nonlinear embedding.
Here’ s a step-by -step explanati on of the Gaussian Process Latent Variable
Model:
1. Data representation:  GPLVM assumes that we have a dataset of high-
dimensional observations, denoted as X, where each row repres ents an
observation and each column represents a feature or variable.
2. Latent space:  GPLVM introduces a lower -dimensional latent space,
denoted as Z, where each row represents a latent variable or dimension.
The goal is to learn a low-dimensional representation of the data that
captures its structure and preserves important information.
3. Mapping function:  GPLVM assumes that there exists a nonlinear
mapping function that relates the latent space Z to the observed data X.
This mapping function is deﬁned as f(Z), where f is a smooth and
ﬂexible function.
4. Gaussian process prior:  GPLVM places a Gaussian process prior to
the mapping function f. A Gaus sian process is a collection of random
variables, any ﬁnite number of which has a joint Gaussian distribution.
It is deﬁned by a mean function and a covariance (or kernel) function.
The choice of kernel function determines the assumptions about the
smoothness and characteristics of the mapping function.
5. Likelihood model: GPLVM assumes a probabilistic relationship
between the observed data X and the latent space Z. The speciﬁc
likelihood mode l depends on the nature of the data. For continuous
data, a common choice is a Gaussian likelihood, while for discre te data,
other likelihood models can be used.
6. Infer ence:  Given the observed data X and the model assumptions, the
goal is to infer the latent variables Z and the parameters of the
Gaussian process, which include the kernel hyperparameters. This is
typically done using variational inference or Markov chain Monte
Carlo (MCMC) methods.
7. Dimensionality reduction and reconstruction:  Once the latent
variables Z are inferred, GPLVM provides a low-dime nsional
representation of the data. This representation can be used for tasks
such as visualization, clustering, or classiﬁcation. Additionally ,
GPLVM allows for the reconstruction of the original high-dimensional
data from  the learned latent variables by applying the inverse mapping
function f⁻ ¹.
Let us solve a Gaussian Process Latent Variable Model (GPL VM) problem
using the Turing .jl package in Julia. Please make sure you have Turing.jl and
other necessary packages installed before proceeding.
using Turing
using Distributions
using Plots
using LinearAlgebra
# Generate some synthetic data
function generate_data(N)
x = range(0, stop=2π, length=N)
y = sin.(x)
return x, y
end
# Define the GPLVM model
@model function gplvm_model(x, y, Q)
N = length(x)
D = 1
# Priors
μ = zeros(N, Q)
Σ = Diagonal(ones(N))
Λ = Diagonal(ones(Q))
σ² = ١.٠
 #Latent variables
z = Vector{Vector{Real}}(undef, N)
for i = 1:N
z[i] ~ MvNormal( μ [i, :], Σ [i, i])
end
Ψ = Λ * Λ ’ + Diagonal(ones(Q) * 1e-6)
# Observed variables
for i = 1:N
f_i = Ψ * z[i]
for j = 1:D
y[i, j] ~ Normal(f_i[j], σ ²)
end
end
end
# Set the number of latent dimensions
Q = 2
# Generate synthetic data
x, y = generate_data(100)
# Set the number of samples and iterations for inference
num_samples = 1000
num_iterations = 10
# Run the inference using Hamiltonian Monte Carlo
chain = sample(gplvm_model(x, y, Q), HMC(num_iterations, 0.01),
num_samples)
# Extract the posterior samples
posterior_samples = get(chain, :z)
In this example, we ﬁrst deﬁne a synthetic dataset using the generate_data
function. Then, we deﬁne the GPLVM model using the @model  macro from
Turing.jl. Inside  the model, we specify the priors for the latent variables and
the observed variables. The latent variables z are drawn from a multivariate
normal distribution, and the observed variables y are drawn from a normal
distribution with mean f_i and variance σ². We set up a diagonal covariance
matrix Ψ to model the covariance between the latent dimensions.
After deﬁning the model, we set the number of latent dimensions Q and
generate the synthetic data. Then, we specify the number of samples and
iterations for inference. In this example, we use Hamiltonian Monte Carlo
(HMC) as the inference algorithm. Finally , we extract the posterior samples
of the latent variables z from the chain and visualize the latent space using a
scatter plot.
You can customize this code to ﬁt your speciﬁc GPLVM problem by
modifying the priors, data generation process, and inference settings
according to your requirements.
Other Bayesian models
Hidden Markov Models (HMM s) and Bayesian Networks are both popular
probabilistic graphical models used in machine learning and statistics. While
they have some similarities, they also have distinct characteristics and
applications.
Hidden Markov Models (HMMs)
HMMs are a type of generative model that models sequential data with
hidden states.
They consist of a set of observed variables and a set of hidden
(unobserved) states.
The hidden states form a Markov chain, where the current state
depends only on the previous state.
The observed variables are conditionally dependent on the
corresponding hidden states.
HMMs are widely used in speech recognition, natural language
processing, bioinformatics, and many other domains where sequential
data modeling is needed.
Bayesian Networks
Bayesian Networks, also known as Belief Networks or Directed
Acyclic Graphs (DAGs), are graphical models that represent
probabilistic relationships among a set of variables.
They consist of nodes representing random variables and directed
edges representing probabilistic dependencies between the variables.
The dependencies are deﬁned by conditional probability distributions
(CPDs) associated with each node given its parents in the graph.
Bayesian Networks allow for both causal reasoning (explaining how
variables inﬂuence each other) and probabilistic inference.
They are used for decision-making, risk assessment, medical diagnosis,
anomaly detect ion, and other domains where modeling complex
dependencies between variables is important.
While there are similarities between HMMs and Bayesian Networks, they
differ in terms of the underlying assumptions and modeling capabilities.
HMMs are speciﬁcally designed for modeling sequential data with hidden
states, whereas Bayesian Networks can handle more general dependencies
between variables in a directed acyclic graph.
It’s worth noting that HMMs can be seen as a special case of Bayesian
Networks where the graph structure is a linear chain and all variables are
discrete. Howev er, Bayesian Networks have a more ﬂexible structure and
can capture a wider range of dependencies, including cyclic or feedback
connections.
Both HMMs and Bayesian Networks are powerful tools for probabilistic
modeling, and their choice depends on the speciﬁc characteristics and
requirements of the problem at hand.
You can learn about hidden Markov models
(https://turinglang.or g/dev/tutorials/04-hidden-markov-model/ ) and Bayesian
networks ( https://turinglang.or g/dev/tutorials/03-bayesian-neural-network/  ).
Conclusion
In concl usion, Bayesian inferen ce is a statistical framework that allows for
updating beliefs and making inferences based on prior knowledge and
observed data. It differs from frequentist methods by treating probability as a
measure of uncertainty or belief rather than long-term frequency . The key
concepts in Bayesian statistics include the prior distribution, likelihood
function, and posterior distribution, which represent updated beliefs. The
posterior distrib ution is calculated by combining the prior distribution and
likelihood function using Bayes’  theorem. Inferences can be made from the
posterior distrib ution, including point estimates and credible intervals.
Bayesian model s encompass a wide range of techniques, such as linear
regression, logistic regression, and Gaussian process latent variable models.
These models provide ﬂexibilit y for modeling complex data structures and
relationships, supporting accura te and nuanced analyses. Overall, Bayesian
inference is a powerful and intuitive approach to statistical analysis with
various applications in decision-making processes.
In the next chapter , we will learn about how code proﬁling and optimization
are essential steps in improvin g the performance and efﬁciency of Julia
programs. Julia provides several tools and techniques for code proﬁling and
optimization, allowing developers to identify performance bottlenecks and
optimize critical sections of their code.
Questions
1. What is the key difference between Bayes’  theorem and frequentist
statistical methods?
2. What are the basic concepts of Bayesian statistics?
3. How is the posterior distribution calculated in Bayesian inference?
4. What are the different ways of making inferences from the posterior
distribution?
5. Can you explain the concept of Bayesian models and their role in
statistical analysis?
6. What are some examples of various Bayesian models?
7. How does Bayesian linear regression differ from traditional linear
regression?
8. What is Bayesian logistic regression, and how is it different from
standard logistic regression?
9. Can you explain the Gaussian Process Latent Variable Model
(GPL VM) and its application in Bayesian modeling?
10. Are there any other notable Bayesian models that are commonly used
in practice?
CHAPTER 14
Parallel Computation in Julia
Introduction
Parallel computi ng is a computing paradigm that involves breaking down a
computational task into smaller subtasks that can be executed
simultaneously on multiple processing units. It aims to solve problems more
quickly by dividing the workload among multiple computational resources,
such as multiple processor cores, CPUs, GPUs, or even distributed
computing systems.
In a traditional serial computi ng model, a program or task is executed
sequentially , with each instruction or operation being processed one after
another . Parallel computing, on the other hand, allows multiple instructions
or operations to be executed simultaneously , potentially reducing the
overall execution time.
Parallel computing can of fer several advantages, including:
Speedup : By distributin g the workload across multiple processing
units, parallel computing can signiﬁcantly reduce the execution time
of computationally intensive tasks. This is particularly beneﬁcial for
tasks that can be divided into independent subtasks that can be
processed concurrently .
Scalability : Parallel computing provides a means to scale the
computational power of a system by adding more processing units. As
the size of the problem or the complexity of the comp utation
increases, parall elization allows  for efﬁcient utilization of available
resources.
Handling large datasets : Parallel computing can be used to process
and analyze large datasets efﬁciently . By splitting the data and
distributing it among multiple processors or nodes, parallel algorithms
can process the data in parallel, accelerating the analy sis or
computations.
Parallel computing can be achieved using dif ferent approaches, such as:
Shar ed-memory parallelism : In shared-mem ory parallelism,  multiple
processing units, such as CPU cores, share a common memory space.
Threads or processes can be used to divide the workload, and
synchronization mechanisms are used to coordinate their execution.
Distributed computing : In distributed computing, multiple
independent systems or nodes work together to solve a problem. Each
node typically has its own mem ory and processing capabilitie s, and
communication mechanisms are used to exchange data and coordinate
the computation.
GPU computin g: Graphics Processing Units (GPUs) are highly
parallel processors that excel at performing computations on large
datasets. GPU computing utilizes the parallel processing capabilities
of GPUs to accelerate computations for tasks that can be parallelized.
Parallel comput ing requires careful consideration of factors such as task
decomposition, load balancing, communication overh ead, and
synchronization to ensure efﬁcient utilization of resources and avoid
potential pitfalls such as race conditions and data dependencies. Modern
programming languages and frameworks, including Julia, provide tools and
libraries to facilitate parallel programming and make effective use of
parallel computing resources.
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered:
Parallel computation in Julia
Asynchronous programming
Asynchronous tasks in Julia
Task operations
Connecting via channels in Julia
Multi-threading
Speeding up data science workﬂows
Using the power of JuliaHub
Parallel computation in Julia
Julia provides robust support for parallel computation, allowing you to take
advantage of multiple cores or distributed computing resources to speed up
your code. There are several mechanisms and libraries available in Julia for
parallel programming:
Shar ed-memory parallelism : Julia has built-in support for shared-
memory parallelism using multi-threading. The Threads module in
Julia allows you to create and manage lightweight threads that can run
concurrently . You can use the @threads  macro to paralle lize loops and
execute iterations in parallel. Julia’ s SharedArrays  package provides a
way to create arrays that can be shared among threads.
Distributed computing : Julia has a built-in distribute d computing
framework that enables parallel  execution across multiple processes,
either on a single machine or across a cluster of machine s. The
Distributed module in Julia provides functions for launching and
managing worker processes. You can distribute tasks using constructs
like @distributed  and @spawn .
Parallel computing libraries : Julia ecosystem offers several libraries
for parallel computing. For example, the SharedArrays  package
mentioned earlier provides a way to work with large shared arrays
across multiple processes. The DistributedArrays  package allow s
you to work with distributed arrays that can be automatically
partitioned across multiple processes. The ParallelAccelerator
package provide s automatic parallelization of computations using just-
in-time (JIT) compilation.
GPU programming : Julia has excellent support for GPU
programming. The CUDA.jl  package allows you to write GPU-
accelerated code in Julia, utilizing the power of NVIDIA  GPUs. With
CUDA.jl , you can write parallel kernels and ofﬂoad computations to
the GPU, achieving signiﬁcant speedups for certain types of
calculations.
When working with parallel computation in Julia, it’s important to consider
factors like data dependencie s, load balancing, and communication
overhead. Julia’ s parallel programming constructs and libraries provide the
ﬂexibility and tools to handle these aspects efﬁciently and ef fectively .
Asynchronous programming
Asynchronous programming is a programming paradigm that allows for
concurrent execution of multip le tasks without blocking the execution of
the main program. It enables programs to initiate tasks, continue with other
operations, and handle the results of the tasks once they are completed,
without waiting for each task to ﬁnish before moving on.
In synchronous programming (also known as blocking programming), each
operation is executed sequentially , and the program waits for each operation
to complete before moving on to the next one. This can be inefﬁcient if
there are long-running operati ons, such as I/O operations or network
requests, that cause the program to wait for a response.
Asynchronous programming, on the other hand, enables non-blocking
execution. It allows the program  to start a task and then move  on to other
tasks or operatio ns while the ﬁrst task is being processed in the background.
The program can later handle  the results of the tasks once they are
completed.
Asynchronous programming is particularly useful in scenario s involving
I/O-bound opera tions, where the program spends a signiﬁcant amount of
time waiting for input/output operations to complete, such as reading from
or writing to a ﬁle, making network requests, or interacting with a database.
Key concepts and techniques used in asynchronous programming include:
Asynchr onous functions or methods : These are functions or methods
that are marked or designed to be executed asynchronously . They
typically return a “promise ” or a “future ” object that represents the
result of the computation that will be available in the future.
Callbacks : Callba cks are functions that are registered to be called
once a speciﬁc asynchronous operation completes. They allow the
program to specify the actions to be taken once the task is ﬁnished.
Promises and Futur es: These are objects that represent the results of
asynchronous computations. They allow the program to retrieve the
result of the computation once it is available.
Event loops : An event loop is a central component in asynchronous
programming that manages the execution of asynchronous tasks. It
continuously checks for completed tasks and triggers the associated
callbacks or notiﬁes the program when the results are available.
Asynchronous programming is widely used in various programming
languages and frameworks to build responsive and efﬁcient applications
that can handle concurrent operations effectively . It allows programs to
make optimal use of system resources, such as CPU and I/O, and can
greatly improve the performance and responsiveness of applications that
involve waiting for I/O or other external operations.
Asynchronous tasks in Julia
Asynchronous programming in Julia is facilitated through the use of Tasks.
A Task represents a computation  that can be suspended and resumed at any
point, allowing for non-blocking, concurrent execution of code.
When a piece of code is designated as a Task, it can be interrupted
(suspended) at certain points and switched to another Task, allowing other
computations to proceed concurrently . This is different from traditional
function calls, where the control must wait for a function to complete before
returning.
Tasks in Julia can be created using the `@task`  macro or by explicitly
calling the `Task() ` constructor . Once created, a Task can be started using
the `schedule` function or by invoking the `start ` function on the task
object. This initiates the execution of the Task in the background.
To suspend a Task and allow other computations to proceed, the `yield `
function is used. When `yield ` is called within a Task, it temporarily
pauses the execution of that Task, allowing other Tasks to be scheduled and
executed. The `yield ` function can be used to explicitly yield control, or it
may be implicitly called when certain operations (such as I/O) are
performed.
Tasks can also communicate and synchronize with each other using
channels. Chann els are communication constructs that allow Tasks to send
and receive values between each other . By sending and receiving values
through channels, Tasks can coordinate their execution and exchange
information.
Asynchronous programming with Tasks in Julia enables the execution of
multiple operations concurrently , making it useful for scenarios involving
I/O operations, network communication, and other situations where waiting
for external events is required. It allows programs to make efﬁcient use of
system resourc es and can improve performance by overlapping
computations that would otherwise block each other .
It’s worth noting that Julia also provides other constructs and libraries for
asynchronous programming, such as coroutines and libraries built on top of
Tasks (for example, `async ` and `await ` syntaxes). These constructs offer
more expressive and high-level ways of working with asynchronous code.
Task operations
In Julia,  Tasks represent units of computational work that can be created,
scheduled, and executed asynchronously . Here are the basic operations
involved in working with Tasks:
1. Task Creation : Tasks can be created using the `Task()`  constructor
or the `@task`  macro. The `Task()`  constructor takes a 0-argument
function as an argument, specifying the code that the Task will
execute. The `@task`  macro is a shorthand for creating a Task with an
anonymous function. For example:
julia> t = @task begin
sleep(5)
println(“done”)
end
In this example,  a Task `t` is created that sleeps for ﬁve seconds and
then prints “done”.
2. Task Schedulin g: After creating a Task, it needs  to be scheduled for
execution. Sched uling a Task adds it to an internal queue of tasks that
are ready to run. The `schedule()` function is used to schedule a Task
for execution. For example:
julia> schedule(t)
This schedules the Task `t` for execution.
3. Task Execution : Tasks are executed asynchronously , meaning they
run independently of the main program ﬂow. The actual execution of
Tasks occurs when the Julia runtime system has available resources,
such as when the program is idle or waiting for input. The execution
of a Task can be interrupted and resumed at any point.
4. Waiting for Task Completion : The `wait() ` function allows a Task
to be explicitly waited upon. When `wait() ` is called on a Task, the
calling Task blocks until the speciﬁed Task completes its execution.
For example:
julia> schedule(t)
Task (runnable) @0x000000010e3fb850
julia> wait(t)
done
In this case, the program will pause for ﬁve seconds before proceeding
to the next line after ` wait(t) `.
5. @async Macro : The `@async ` macro is provi ded as a conve nient way
to create and schedule a Task in a single step. It is equivalent to calling
`schedule(@task …) `. For example:
julia> @async begin
sleep(5)
println(“done”)
end
Task (runnable) @0x000000010e3a2ef0
julia> done
This creates and schedules a Task that sleeps for ﬁve seconds and prints
“done ”.
By using Tasks and asynchronous programming, Julia enables concurrent
execution of code, allowing for efﬁcient utilization of system resources and
handling of I/O operations without blocking the program’ s execution.
Yieldto function in tasks
In Julia, the low-level primitive  `yieldto ` is used to suspend the current
task, switch to another speciﬁe d task, and specify a value that the target
task’ s last `yieldto ` call will return . `yieldto(task, value) ` allows for
switching between tasks, enabling task-style control ﬂow. This mechanism
is why tasks are referred to as “symmetric coroutines ,” as each task can
be switched to and from using the same mechanism.
While `yieldto ` is a powerful tool, most uses of tasks in Julia do not
directly invoke it. This is becau se manually managing task switching and
determining when to switch back can be complex and require careful
coordination. Instead, higher -level constructs such as `put!` and `take! ` are
provided, which internally handle task switching and maintain state to
manage blocking operations like those used with channels.
In addition to `yieldto `, several other basic function s are available to
effectively use tasks:
1. `current_task `: This function returns a reference to the currently
running task. It allows you to access and manipulate properties  of the
current task, such as querying its state or associating data with it.
2. `istaskdone `: This function  is used to check whether a task has
exited, meaning  it has completed its execution. It returns `true` if the
task has ﬁnish ed, and `false` otherwise. It helps determine the
completion status of a task.
3. `istaskstarted `: This function checks whether  a task has run yet. It
returns `true` if the task has started executing, and `false` otherwise. It
helps determine if a task has been scheduled and is currently running.
4. `task_local_storage `: This set of functions allows manipulation of a
key-value store speciﬁc to the current task. It provides a way to store
and retrieve data associated with a task. Functions like
`get_task_local ` and `set_task_local ` are used to interact with the
task-local storage.
The rest of the functions complement `yieldto ` and provide additional
capabilities for managing and interacting with tasks. They help in tracking
task status, accessing task-speci ﬁc data, and determining when tasks have
completed their execution while `yieldto ` is a foundational primitive,
higher -level constructs and functions provided by Julia’ s task system
simplify the usage of tasks and manage task switching, making  it easier to
write code that leverages the beneﬁts of task-based concurrency .
Scheduler in Julia
In Julia, task scheduling and event handling are managed by the scheduler
in the Julia Base library . The scheduler keeps track of runnable tasks and
executes an event loop based  on external events like I/O requests or
message arrivals. Most task switches occur when tasks are waiting for
events, and the scheduler handles the resumption of tasks once the events
they are waiting for occur .
The primary function used for waiting for events in Julia is ‘wait’ . Many
objects implement the wait function, and when called, it causes  the task to
wait for a speciﬁc event to happen. For instance, wait can be used with a
Process object to wait for it to exit, or inside a call to read to wait for data to
become available.
Under the hood, wait operate s on a Condition object responsible for
queuing and restarting tasks. When a task call wait on a Condit ion, the task
becomes non-runnable, added to the condition’ s queue, and yields control to
the scheduler . The scheduler can then choose another runnable task to
execute or block and wait for external events. When the awaited event
occurs, an event handler typically calls notify on the Condition, which
makes all tasks waiting for that condition runnable again, and the scheduler
will eventually resume those tasks.
Tasks that are explicitly created using Task are initially unkn own to the
scheduler . This allows for manual task management using ‘yieldto’  if
desired. Howeve r, even if such a task waits for an event using wait, it will
still be automatically restarte d when the awaited event occurs. This
automatic resumption ensures that the tasks waiting for events can proceed
with their execution as expected.
Julia’ s task and event handling mechanisms, along with the scheduler , make
it easy to manage asynchronous operations and efﬁciently utilize
computational resources in applications that involve waiting for external
events or handling concurrent tasks.
Connecting via channels in Julia
In Julia, Channels provide a mechanism for communication and
synchronization between tasks. A Channel is a ﬁrst-in, ﬁrst-out (FIFO)
queue that allows multiple tasks to write to and read from it concurrently .
Creating a Channel is done using the `Channel() ` constru ctor, specifying
the type of objects that can be stored in the channel and an optional size
parameter to limit the number of elements it can hold. For example:
julia> chnl = Channel{Int}(32)
Channel{Int64}(32) (empty)
This creates a channel named `chnl ` that can hold up to 32 elements  of type
`Int`.
To write  data into a Channel, the `put! ` functio n is used. It allows multiple
tasks to write to the channel concurrently . For example:
julia> put!(chnl, 42)
42
This puts the value `42` into the channel ` chnl `.
To read data from a Channel, the `take! ` function is used. It retrieves the
next available value from the channel, blocking if the channel is empty . For
example:
julia> val = take!(chnl)
42
This retrieves the next value from the channel `chnl ` and assigns it to the
variable ` val`.
Channels also support other operations such as `fetch ` (retriev es but does
not remove the value), `isready ` (check s if the channel has a value
available), and ` wait ` (waits until a value is available).
Channels are useful for solvin g problems where multiple tasks need to
communicate and synchronize their execution. For example, in producer -
consumer scenarios, where one task produces values and another task
consumes them, Channels provide a way for the producer to write values
into the channel, and the consumer to read those values.
Channels can be used in conju nction with Tasks to orchestrate complex
work distributio n patterns. Multiple tasks can be bound to the same channel,
allowing them to read from and write to the channel concurrently .
Additionally , channels can be used as iterable objects in `for` loops. The
loop variable takes on each produced value until the channel is closed. For
example:
julia> function producer(c::Channel)
put!(c, “start”)
for n=1:4
put!(c, 2n)
end
put!(c, “stop”)
end;
julia> chnl = Channel(producer);
julia> take!(chnl)
“start”
julia> take!(chnl)
2
julia> take!(chnl)
4
julia> take!(chnl)
6
julia> take!(chnl)
8
julia> take!(chnl)
“stop”
julia> for x in Channel(producer)
println(x)
end
start
2
4
6
8
stop
In this example, the `producer ` function produces values into a channel,
and the `for` loop consumes those values until the channel is closed.
Closing a channel is done automatically when the associated task
terminates. However , a channe l can also be manually closed using the
`close ` function.
Channels provide a powerful tool for coordinating and communicating
between tasks, enabling concurrent execution and synchro nization in
complex scenarios.
Multi-threading
Multithreading is a programming technique that allows a single process to
perform multiple tasks concurrently . It enables a program to execute
multiple threads of execution within the same process, taking advantage of
modern multi-core processors to improve performance and responsiveness.
In traditional single-threaded programs, instructions are executed
sequentially , one after the other . This means that if a task takes a long time
to complete (for example, reading data from a slow network source), the
entire program will be blocked, waiting for that task to ﬁnish before moving
on to the next one.
Multithreading overcomes this limitation by creating multiple threads, each
of which  can execute a separate task concurrently . These threads can run
simultaneously on separate CPU cores or logical processors, allowing the
program to make better use of available resources.
Here are some key points about multithreading:
Threads : A threa d is the smallest unit of execution within a process. It
represents an independent sequence of instructions that can be
scheduled for execution by the operating system. Threads within the
same process share the same memory space, allowing them to
communicate and share data easily .
Concurr ent Execution : Multithreading allows tasks to be executed
concurrently , meaning that multiple threads can execute instru ctions
simultaneously . This can signiﬁcantly improve performance,
especially in applications that perform many independent tasks or
require responsiveness to user interactions.
Shar ed Memory : Thread s within the same process have access to
shared memory , which makes it easy to share data and communicate
between threads. However , this also introduces the challenge of
managing data synchronization and avoiding race conditions when
multiple threads try to access shared resources simultaneously .
Parallelism versus Concurr ency : Multithreadin g enables both
parallelism and concurrency . Parallelism refers to the simult aneous
execution of multiple tasks on multiple cores, resulting in increased
processing speed. Concurrency , on the other hand, allows tasks to
make progress independently , even if they are not executing
simultaneously .
Thread Safety : When  multiple threads access shared resources,
proper synchronization mechanisms (for example, locks and
semaphores) are required to ensure thread safety and prevent data
corruption or inconsistent results.
Context Switching : The operating  system manages the scheduling
and execution of threads. It performs context switching, which
involves saving the state of one thread, loading the state of another ,
and switching execution between threads. Context switching
introduces some overhead, so excessive use of threads may lead to
diminishing returns.
Multithreading is commonly used in various applications, such as web
servers, graphica l user interfaces (GUIs), video game engines, and scientiﬁc
simulations. It allows programs to efﬁciently utilize modern hardware,
which often includes multi-core  CPUs, and provides a smoothe r and more
responsive user experience. However , multithreading introduces
complexities related to thread safety and synchronization, making it
essential for developers to design their code carefully to avoid potential
issues.
Multiple threads in Julia
Julia is a high-le vel programming language known for its performance and
ease of use. It has built-in support for multi-threading, allowing users to
leverage multipl e threads for concurrent execution of tasks. The number of
threads can be speciﬁed using the --threads  command line argument or the
JULIA_NUM_THREADS  environment variable. Let’s explore how to start Julia
with multiple threads and how it affects the number of threads available for
computation.
1. Starting Julia with Multiple Threads using Command Line
Argument :
To start Julia with 4 threads, you can use the following command in your
terminal or command prompt:
julia --threads 4
After starting Julia with 4 threads, you can verify the numbe r of threads
using the Threads.nthreads()  function:
julia> Threads.nthreads()
4
You are currently on the master thread (the main thread) at this point. To
check the ID of the current thread, you can use the Threads.threadid()
function:
julia> Threads.threadid()
1
2. Starting Julia with Multiple Threads using Envir onment Variable :
Alternatively , you can set the JULIA_NUM_THREADS  environment variable to
specify the number of threads. For example, in Bash (Linux/macOS), you
can use:
export JULIA_NUM_THREADS=4
In C shell on Linux/macOS or CMD on Windows:
set JULIA_NUM_THREADS=4
In Powershell on Windows:
$env:JULIA_NUM_THREADS=4
Remember to set the environment variable before starting Julia.
3. Pr opagating Threads to Worker  Processes :
When you start Julia with multiple threads, the number of threads speciﬁed
will also be propagated to any worker processes you create using the -p or -
-procs  command line options. For example, if you start Julia with 2 worker
processes and 2 threads each, you can use the following command:
julia -p2 -t2
This will spawn 1 main process with 2 worker processes, and all three
processes will have 2 threads enabled. This can be useful for distributing
tasks across multiple processes and threads for parallel computing.
4. Specifying Auto Threads:
Instead of specifying a speciﬁc number of threads, you can use auto as the
value for JULIA_NUM_THREADS , starting  from Julia 1.7. This allows Julia to
infer a useful default number of threads to use based on your system’ s
capabilities. For example:
export JULIA_NUM_THREADS=auto
Please note that if you are using an older version of Julia, setting
JULIA_NUM_THREADS  to auto will be ignored.
Remember that not all operation s and packages in Julia are fully optimized
for multi-threading. Some tasks may not see signiﬁcant speed
improvements when using multiple threads, while others may beneﬁt
greatly from parallel execution.  Always benchmark and test your code to
ensure that multithreading improves performance for your speciﬁc use case.
ThreadPools
In Julia, threadpools  are used to manage the execution of tasks in different
contexts. By default, tasks are executed in the :default threadpool , but
you can specify that certain tasks are interactive using @spawn
:interactive  to help improv e the responsiveness and interactivity of the
program.
Here’ s an explanation of how threadpools  work and how you can start
Julia with multiple threadpools :
1. Default Threadpool : The :default threadpool is where most tasks run
if not speciﬁed otherwise. When you start Julia without explicitly
setting the threadpool , tasks will be executed in the :default
threadpool .
2. Interactive Threadpool : The :interactive threadpool  is
speciﬁcally meant for interactive tasks that require more
responsiveness and should avoid high-latency operations. Whe n you
use @spawn :interactive, the task is added to this threadpool , which
can help prevent delays and ensure better interactivity for the program.
3. Starting Julia with Multiple Threadpools : You can start Julia with
one or more threads reserve d for running interactive tasks by
specifying the number of threads for each threadpool . For example:
julia --threads 3,1
This starts Julia with 3 threads  in the :default threadpool  and 1
thread in the :interactive threadpool .
Alternatively , you can use the JULIA_NUM_THREADS  environment
variable to achieve the same ef fect:
export JULIA_NUM_THREADS=3,1
This command sets three threads for the :default threadpool  and 1
thread for the :interactive threadpool .
4. Using  ‘auto’  for Threadpool  Threads : Instead of specifying the
number of threads, you can use the word auto for either or both
threadpools . When auto is used, Julia will choose a reasonable
default number of threads for the respective threadpool .
For example:
julia --threads auto,1
This starts Julia with a reason able number of threads for the :default
threadpool  (decid ed by Julia) and 1 thread for the :interactive
threadpool .
To summarize, threadpools  in Julia allow you to manage different types of
tasks effectively . By designating tasks as interactive with @spawn
:interactive , you can ensure that critical interactive tasks are given
priority , leading to improved responsiveness and better user experience.
Starting Julia with multiple threadpools , with the ability  to use auto for the
number of threads, gives you ﬂexibility in optimizing performance based on
your speciﬁc use case.
Communication and synchronization in Julia
In multi-threaded programming, communication and synchronization
between threads  are crucial to ensure correctness and prevent data races.
Data races occur when multip le threads access and modify shared data
concurrently , leading to unpredictable and erroneous behavior . Julia
provides threa d-safe commu nication channels to facilitate safe
communication between threads. However , it is essential to be vigilant and
follow proper synchronization mechanisms, like using locks, to guarantee
data-race freedom.
The recommended way to ensure data-race freedom in Julia is to use locks
around any access to shared data that can be observed from multiple
threads. A common pattern to achieve this is to use the lock function to
acquire a lock before accessing  shared data and release it afterward. There
are two common ways to implement this pattern in Julia:
1. Using the  lock  function with  do block :
julia> lock(lk) do
use(a)
end
Using  try-finally  block with lock :
julia> begin
lock(lk)
try
use(a)
finally
unlock(lk)
end
end
Here, lk is a lock, like ReentrantLock() , and a is the shared data that needs
to be protected.
By using these patterns, you ensure that only one thread can access the
shared data at a time, avoiding data races and maintaining data consistency .
Furthermore, it is crucial to understand that Julia is not memory safe in the
presence of data races. If multiple threads access shared data without proper
synchronization, it can lead to undeﬁned behavior and unexpected results.
Therefore, always use the lock pattern when modifying data (for example,
assigning to a global or closure variable) accessed by other threads.
In the provided  example, accessing variable a in Thread 2 and Thread 3
without proper synchronization (for example, without using locks) can lead
to data races, making the code unsafe and potentially causing unpredictable
behavior .
In summary , when writing multi-threaded code in Julia, always use proper
synchronization mechanisms like locks to ensure data-race freedom and
maintain the integrity of shared data accessed by multiple threads.
Following these best practices  will help you write correct and reliable
multi-threaded programs in Julia.
@threads macro
The @threads  macro in Julia is a powerful tool to parallelize loops and
distribute work across multiple threads. However , as shown in the example
provided, using @threads  without  proper care can lead to data races and
incorrect results. To avoid data races, you should use appropriate
synchronization mechanisms, like using local buf fers or atomic operations.
The example demonstrates how to ﬁx the data race issue in the
sum_multi_bad  functio n by employing the sum_multi_good  functio n,
which correctly segments the sum into race-free chunks using local buffers
for each thread. Here’ s a breakdown of the solution:
1. sum_single function : This function calculates the sum of elements
in a given collection (a). It’s a basic implementation without
considering parallelization.
julia> function sum_single(a)
s = 0
for i in a
s += i
end
s
end
sum_single (generic function with 1 method)
2. sum_multi_bad  function : This function uses @threads  to parallelize
the loop, but it exposes a data race on the shared variable s, resulting
in incorrect results.
julia> function sum_multi_bad(a)
s = 0
Threads.@threads for i in a
s += i
end
s
end
sum_multi_bad (generic function with 1 method)
3. sum_multi_good  function : This function ﬁxes the data race issue by
dividing the array into chunks and calculating the sum of each chunk
independently . The chunks are then combined to get the ﬁnal sum.
Each thread works on its own local buf fer, avoiding data races.
julia> function sum_multi_good(a)
chunks = Iterators.partition(a, length(a) ÷
Threads.nthreads())
tasks = map(chunks) do chunk
Threads.@spawn sum_single(chunk)
end
chunk_sums = fetch.(tasks)
return sum_single(chunk_sums)
end
sum_multi_good (generic function with 1 method)
By using @spawn  inside the loop, each chunk of the array is processed
asynchronously by a different thread, ensuring that there are no data races.
The results from each chunk are combined using sum_single  to obtai n the
ﬁnal result.
Remember , as stated in the note, buffers should not be managed based on
threadid()  because concurrent tasks can yield, causing multiple tasks to
use the same buffer on a given  thread, introducing the risk of data races.
Instead, use local buf fers or atomic operations to ensure data-race freedom.
In summary , when using @threads  or any other multi-threading constructs
in Julia, make sure to handle shared data carefully to avoid data races.
Proper synchronization mechanisms and data segmentation can be used to
achieve correct and efﬁcient multi-threaded code.
Atomic Operations
Julia provides the Threads.Atomic  type to acces s and modify values
atomically , ensuring thread-safe  operations and avoiding race conditions.
This allows concurrent threads to modify shared data without causing data
races. Here’ s a summary of how it works:
1. Creating an Atomic Value: To create an atomic value, you use the
Threads.Atomic  constru ctor. The atomic value must be of a primitive
type, such as Int, Float64, and so on.
julia> i = Threads.Atomic{Int}(0)
Atomic{Int64}(0)
In this example, i is an atomic integer initialized to 0.
2. Using Atomic Operations : You can perfor m atomic operations on the
atomic value using speciﬁc functions like atomic_add! , atomic_sub! ,
atomic_min! , atomic_max! , and so on. These operations ensure that
the modiﬁcation is performed atomically , avoiding race conditions.
In the provided  example, the @threads macro is used to perform
atomic additions  to i. Each thread performs an atomic add operation
on i, and the resulting values are stored in the old_is  array .
julia> old_is = zeros(Int, 4)
4-element Vector{Int64}:
0
0
0
0
julia> Threads.@threads for id in 1:4
old_is[id] = Threads.atomic_add!(i, id)
end
3. Avoiding Race Conditions : Without atomic operations , race
conditions can occur , leading to incorrect results when multiple
threads modify shared data simultaneously . The second example in the
provided code illustrates this issue when using a non-atomic reference
(Ref) for accumulation.
acc = Ref(0)
@threads for i in 1:1000
acc[] += 1
end
In this case, the ﬁnal value of acc is incorrect due to race conditions,
and the result may vary on dif ferent runs.
4. Corr ect Usage with Atomic : To avoid race conditions and obtain the
correct result, you can use an atomic value:
julia> acc = Atomic{Int}(0)
Atomic{Int64}(0)
julia> @threads for i in 1:1000
atomic_add!(acc, 1)
end
julia> acc
Atomic{Int64}(1000)
Now , with the atomic value acc, the ﬁnal value is correct (1000).
Per-ﬁeld atomics
In Julia 1.7 and later versions, you can use per-ﬁeld atomics to work with
atomic operations at a more granular level within a struct. This allows you
to speci fy atom ic operations on speciﬁc ﬁelds of a struct and control the
ordering constraints for reads and writes to those ﬁelds. This feature enables
you to create more ﬁne-grained atomic operations in your code, providing
better control over concurrent access to individual ﬁelds.
Here are the key points related to per -ﬁeld atomics in Julia:
Decorate Fields  with  @atomic: You can annota te individual ﬁelds in
a struct declaration with the @atomic  macro to indicate that these ﬁelds
should be accessed atomically .
Annotate Writes with  @atomic  and Atomic Orderings : When
writing to an atomic ﬁeld, you must use the @atomic  macro before the
assignment operation. Additionally , you can specify the atomic
ordering constraint for the write operation. The available atomic
orderings are :monotonic , :acquire , :release , :acquire_release ,
or :sequentially_consistent .
Annotate Reads with Atomic Orderings (Optional) : You can also
specify the atomic ordering constraint when reading from an atomic
ﬁeld using the @atomic  macro. If no atomic ordering is speciﬁed for
the read operation, it will be done with the relaxed ordering, which is
:monotonic .
This feature allows you to have more control over the atomicity and
ordering of operations on speci ﬁc ﬁelds within a struct, ensuri ng safe and
consistent concurrent access.
Here’ s a conceptual example of using per -ﬁeld atomics in Julia:
struct AtomicData
@atomic field1::Int
@atomic field2::Float64
end
data = AtomicData(0, 0.0)
# Writing to atomic fields with specific atomic orderings
@atomic data.field1 = 42 :sequentially_consistent
@atomic data.field2 = 3.14 :release
# Reading from atomic fields with specific atomic orderings
(optional)
value1 = @atomic data.field1 :acquire
value2 = @atomic data.field2
Side Effects of using threads
When working with multi-threading and concurrent code in any
programming language, it’s crucial to be mindful of side effects and
mutable functio n arguments. As you mentioned, functions in Julia (and
some other languages) that have names ending with ! are conventionally
considered to be non-pure functions, meaning they modify their input
arguments (in-place) rather than returning new values.
In multi-threaded code, these non-pure functions can introduce unexpected
behavior and race conditions. If multiple threads concurrently  modify the
same mutable data (for example, arrays, dictionaries) without proper
synchronization, data races can occur , leading to incorrect results and
undeﬁned behavior .
To ensure correctness and data-race freedom, you should follow these best
practices:
Use Pure Functions : Prefer pure functions whenever possible. Pure
functions are functions that do not have any side effects and always
produce the same output for the same input. Using pure functions
ensures that you can safely call them from multiple threads without
worrying about data races.
Avoid In-Place Modiﬁcations : Avoid modifying shared data in-place
when working with multiple threads. Instead, prefer creating new data
structures or using atomic operations for safe updates.
Use Atomic Operations : When you need to perform atomic updates
on shared data, use atomic operations provided by Julia’ s atomic
types. This ensures that modiﬁcations to shared data are performed
atomically and without data races.
Use Locks or Other  Synchr onization Mechanisms : For situations
where in-place modiﬁcations are unavoidable or where more complex
synchronization is needed, use locks or other synchronization
mechanisms (for example, semaphores) to ensure that only one thread
can access the shared data at a time.
Be Mindful of Side Effects : Be aware of functions or libraries that
have side effects or modify the global state. When using such
functions in multi-threaded code , take extra precautions to ensure that
they are called in a thread-safe manner .
Test and Benchmark : Always thoroughly test your multi-threaded
code and perform benchmarks to verify that the parallelization
improves performance and produces correct results.
When using threads in Julia, there are some caveats and limit ations to be
aware of. While most operations in the Julia runtime and standard libraries
can be used in a thread-safe manner , it’s essential to pay attention to
potential issues to avoid undesirable behavior in multi-threaded programs.
Here are some speciﬁc limitations and warnings:
Manual Locking for Base Collection Types : If multiple threads
access Base collection types (for example, arrays and dictionaries)
simultaneously , and at least one thread modiﬁes the collection, manual
locking is required to avoid data races. For example, if multiple
threads are pushing elements into an array or inserting items into a
dictionary , proper synchronization mechanisms like locks should be
used.
Non-Deterministic Scheduling  for @spawn : The scheduling of tasks
created with @spawn  is nond eterministic. This means you should not
rely on the order of execution for tasks created using @spawn .
Memory Alloca tion and Garbage Collection (GC) : Compute-boun d
tasks that do not allocate memory can prevent garbage collection from
running in other threads that are allocating memory . This can lead to
memory-related issues and inefﬁciencies. To allow GC to run, you
may need to insert manual calls to GC.safepoint()  at appropriate
points in your code.
Avoid Running Top-Level Operations in Parallel : Running top-
level operations like include or evaluating type, method, and module
deﬁnitions in parallel can lead to unexpected behavior and conﬂicts.
It’s best to avoid parallel execution for such operations.
Finalizers and Threading : Be cautious when using libraries that
register ﬁnalizers (functions that are run when an object is garbage-
collected) becau se they may break when threads are enabled. This is
due to the inher ent complexitie s of managing ﬁnalization in a multi-
threaded enviro nment. As a result, some transitional work may be
required across the ecosystem before threading can be widely adopted
with conﬁdence.
@threadcall
The @threadcall  macro in Julia provides a mechanism to avoid stalling the
execution of tasks when calling external C libraries that perform blocking
operations. Whe n a C library performs a blocking operation, it can prevent
the Julia scheduler from executing other tasks until the call returns , which
can lead to poor performance and reduced responsiveness in multi-threaded
code.
To overcome this issue, the @threadcall  macro schedules a C function for
execution in a separate thread using a threadpool with a default size of 4
threads. The size of the threadpool  can be controlled via the environment
variable UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE . While waiting for a free thread, and during
function executi on once a thread is available, the requesting task (on the
main Julia even t loop) yields to other tasks, ensuring that other tasks can
continue execution even when a blocking C function is being called.
Important points to note about @threadcall :
1. Blocking Call: From a user’s point of view , @threadcall  is a
blocking call, similar to other Julia APIs. It does not return until the
execution of the C function is complete. However , the critical
difference is that during the execution of the C function, the Julia
scheduler can continue to execute other tasks due to the yielding
behavior .
2. Avoid Calling Back into Julia: The C function called using
@threadcall  must not call back into Julia, as doing so can lead to
segfaults. This is because the C function is executed in a separate
thread, which is not managed by Julia’ s scheduler , and calling back
into Julia can cause synchronization issues and undeﬁned behavior .
3. Futur e Changes : As stated in the documentation, @threadcall  may
be remo ved or changed in future versions of Julia. This suggests that
the implementat ion and behavior of @threadcall  might be subjec t to
modiﬁcations in subsequent Julia releases. Therefore, it’s important to
keep track of updates in Julia’ s documentation and release notes.
Task migration
In Julia 1.7 and later versions, task migration was introduced, allowing
tasks to move to different threads during their execution. Task migration
occurs when a task yields, and it may result in the task being resumed on a
different thread than the one it started on. This behavior applies to tasks that
have been started with @spawn  or @threads , except for tasks spawned using
the :static  schedule option for @threads , which freezes the thread ID.
Due to task migration, threadid()  should not be treated as a constant
within a task. If a task uses threadid()  to index into a vector of buffers or
stateful objects, there is a risk of data races and incorrect beha vior. This is
because, after task migration, the thread ID obtained using threadid()
might change, leading to unintended consequences when accessing shared
data.
To ensure data-race freedom and correct behavior when working with
multi-threaded tasks, it’s important to avoid relying on threadid()  as a
constant and to be mindful of potential task migration. Instea d, consider
using other synchronization mechanisms, like locks or atomic operations, to
manage shared data safely .
As a general guideline, when writing multi-threaded code in Julia, it’s
essential to understand task migration and to design your code in a way that
accounts for it. By using proper synchronization and avoiding direct
reliance on thread IDs, you can write thread-safe and robust multi-threaded
code in Julia.
Use of ﬁnalizers
When dealing with ﬁnalizers in Julia, it’s essential to be cautious due to
their potential to interrupt any code and interact with global state. Finalizers
are typically used to update global state, which can introduce complications
when working with multi-thread ed code. To ensure the safe use of ﬁnalizers
in multi-threaded contexts, you can employ dif ferent strategies:
Preventing Finalizers During Critical Regions : In single-threaded
code, you can call the internal C function jl_gc_enable_finalizers
to preve nt ﬁnalizers from being scheduled inside critical regions. This
can be combined with locks to ensure that ﬁnalizers do not interfere
with critical operations.
Delaying Finali zers Until Lock is Acquir ed: A strate gy used by Base
in some places is to explicitly delay a ﬁnalizer until it can acqu ire its
lock non-recursively . This ensures that the ﬁnalizer doesn’ t run
concurrently with other operations that require the same lock. An
example of this strategy is demonstrated in the code snippet for
finalize_ref .
Using Yield-Fr ee Queues : Another approach is to use yield-free
queues to handle ﬁnalizers. While Julia’ s Base library doesn’ t have a
lock-free queue implementation,
Base.IntrusiveLinkedListSynchronized{T}  can be used as an
alternative. This approach is suitable for code with event loops. The
idea is to avoid performing any explicit work inside the ﬁnalizer and
instead add the ﬁnalizer to a queue to be processed at a safer time. For
example, this strategy is emplo yed by Gtk.jl to manage lifetim e ref-
counting. In this approach, you can deﬁne the ﬁnalizer to use @spawn
and a separate thread to run the cleanup work.
It’s essential to carefully consider the impact of ﬁnalizers on multi-threaded
code, as they can introduce potential race conditions and other issues. By
employing one of the strategies mentioned above, you can make the use of
ﬁnalizers safer in multi-threaded contexts. Remember that ﬁnalizers should
be used with caution, and it’s essential to thoroughly test and verify the
behavior of your code when using them in multi-threaded environments.
Speeding up data science workﬂows
Speeding up data science workﬂows can be achieved through various
techniques, including the use of threads, asynchronous programming, and
parallel computation. Each approach has its strengths and is suitable for
different scenarios. Let’s explore how each technique can contribute to
faster data science workﬂows:
Threads : Julia’s multi-threading capabilities (via the Threads module)
can be used to execute multiple tasks concurrently within a single
Julia process. This can be beneﬁcial for certain data science tasks,
such as:
Data Loading : When working with large datasets, loading data
from ﬁles or databases can become a bottleneck. Using threads,
you can parallelize data loading and processing tasks, reducing
the overall loading time.
Preprocessing : Data preprocessing, includin g data cleaning,
feature engine ering, and transformations, can often be
parallelized. By distributing these tasks across threads, you can
speed up the data preparation phase.
Hyperparameter  Tuning : When  tuning hyperparamete rs for
machine learnin g models using techniques like cross-validatio n,
each evaluation can be independent. Threads can be used to
parallelize these  evaluations, signiﬁcantly reducing the tunin g
time.
Asynchr onous Programming : Asynchronous programming allows
you to handle multiple tasks concurrently without waiting for each to
be completed before moving on to the next. In data science, this
approach is useful for tasks, such as:
Web Scraping : When gatherin g data from web APIs or scraping
websites, reque sts to different endpoints can be performe d
asynchronously , improving the overall data acquisition speed.
Real-time Data  Streams : Analyz ing real-time data streams, such
as stock market data or sensor readings, can beneﬁt from
asynchronous processing to handle incoming data in parallel.
Parallel Computation : Parallel computation involves executing tasks
simultaneously on multiple cores or nodes of a computing cluste r. It is
particularly useful for tasks that can be divided into indep endent
subproblems, including:
Large-Scale Machine Learning : Training complex machine
learning model s on large datasets can be computationally
intensive. Parallelizing the training process across multiple cores
or nodes can signiﬁcantly reduce the training time.
Monte Carlo Simulations : In statistical simulations, or Monte
Carlo methods, individual simulations can be executed in
parallel, improving the efﬁciency of the overall analysis.
Bootstrapping and Cross-validation : Bootst rapping and cross-
validation involv e repeatedly resampling data and ﬁtting model s,
making them suitable candidates for parallel computation.
However , it’s important to note that not all data science workﬂows will
beneﬁt equally from each of these techniques. Some tasks may not be easily
parallelizable or asynchronous , and introducing concurrency can add
complexity , potentially leading to performance degradati on due to
overhead.
Careful consideration, proﬁling, and benchmarking are necessary to identify
the speciﬁc bottlenecks in your data science workﬂow and determine the
most appropriate techniques to speed up the process. Additionally , the
availability of hardware resources and the architecture of the data
processing pipeline also play crucial roles in optimizing the workﬂow’ s
performance.
JuliaHub is a web platform that provides various services for the Julia
programming language, including package hosting, collaboration tools, and
computational resources. While JuliaHub itself is not responsible for
enabling async, parallel, or multi-threaded computations directly , it can
certainly be utilized in conjun ction with the power of Julia ’s language
features and ecosystem to enhance data science workﬂows.
Using the power of JuliaHub
Here’ s how JuliaHub can be leveraged for async, parallel, and multi-
threaded computations:
Package Hosti ng and Management : JuliaHub provides package
hosting services, allowing developers to share and distribute their Julia
packages. Many packages in the Julia ecosystem are speciﬁcally
designed to support asynchronous, parallel, and multi-th readed
computations. By leveraging these packages, data scientists can easily
incorporate advanced concurrency features into their workﬂows.
High-Performance Computing  Resour ces: JuliaHub offers access to
high-performance computing resources, such as cloud-based clusters
and servers. These resources can be used to execute computationally
intensive tasks in parallel, signiﬁcantly speeding up data analysis and
model training processes.
Collaboration and Community : JuliaH ub fosters collaborat ion
within the Julia community . Data scientists can share knowledge, best
practices, and efﬁcient code snippets related to async and parallel
computing throu gh JuliaHub’ s collaboration tools. By learning  from
the community , developers can improve their concurrency skills and
optimize their data science workﬂows.
Jupyter  Notebo oks and Interactive Computing : JuliaH ub supp orts
Jupyter noteboo ks, providing an interactive environment for data
exploration and analysis. With Julia’ s built-in support for async and
parallel programming, data scientists can use Jupyter notebooks on
JuliaHub to experiment with concurrent solutions and optimize their
code iteratively .
Benchmarking and Proﬁling : JuliaHub’ s computational resources
can be used for benchmarking and proﬁling data science work ﬂows.
By running experiments on different conﬁgurations of async and
parallel code, developers can ﬁne-tune their implementations for better
performance.
Job Management and Sche duling : JuliaHub may provide job
management and scheduling capabilities, allowing users to submit and
manage concurr ent jobs. This can be useful for running a large number
of data science experiments in parallel, efﬁciently utilizing the
available computing resources.
It’s essential to keep in mind that Julia is a versatile language with powerful
concurrency features built into its core. While JuliaHub provides a platform
to suppo rt these features, the actual implementation of async, parallel, and
multi-threaded computations largely depends on the Julia packages and
code written by developers. By leveraging the language’ s capabilities and
the resources provided by JuliaHub, data scientists can efﬁciently harness
the power of async and parallel computing for their data science tasks.
Conclusion
In this chapter , we delved into the powerful capabilities of Julia for parallel
computation, asynchronous programming, multi-threading, and leveraging
the resources provided by JuliaHub to speed up data science workﬂows.
Through a comprehensive exploration of these topics, we have equipped
data scientists with essential tools to tackle computationally intensive tasks
efﬁciently and expedite their data analysis processes.
In the next chapter , we will learn about how distributed computing is a
powerful paradigm for tacklin g large-scale computational problems by
distributing tasks across multiple machines or nodes in a network. Julia,
being a high-pe rformance and ﬂexible language, offers robust  support for
distributed comp uting, making it an excellent choice for parallelizing and
optimizing computationally intensive tasks.
Questions
1. What is parallel computation, and how does it differ from sequential
computation?
2. How can Julia’ s Distributed module be used to set up a cluster of
worker processes for parallel computation?
3. What are the beneﬁts of load balancing in parallel computing, and how
does Julia handle load balancing among worker processes?
4. Explain the concept of remote procedure calls (RPCs) in the context of
parallel computation using Julia.
5. What is asynchronous program ming, and why is it beneﬁcial for
certain data science tasks?
6. How can Julia’ s asynchronous tasks be used to handle real-time data
streams ef fectively?
7. Give an example of a data science task that can beneﬁt from
asynchronous programming in Julia.
8. How does Julia manage asynchronous tasks to avoid blocking and
improve concurrency?
9. Explain the concept of tasks in Julia and how they differ from regular
functions.
10. How can task operations, such as schedule , wait , and remotecall , be
used to manage asynchronous computations in Julia?
11. What are channe ls in Julia, and how are they used for commun ication
between tasks in concurrent workﬂows?
12. Give an example of a situation where connecting via channels is
beneﬁcial for data processing in Julia.
13. What is multi-threading, and how does it allow concurrent execution
of tasks in a single Julia process?
14. How can Julia’ s Threads module be used to create and manage
multiple threads?
15. Give an exampl e of a data science task that can be accelerated using
multi-threading in Julia.
16. What are the potential challenges or considerations when dealing with
multi-threading in Julia?
17. How can parallel computation, multi-threading, and asynch ronous
programming contribute to speeding up data science workﬂows in
Julia?
18. Explain how hyperparameter tuning and cross-validation can be
parallelized to enhance efﬁciency in data science tasks.
19. What services does JuliaHub offer for Julia users, and how can it
support distributed computing and parallel tasks?
20. How can data scientists beneﬁt from JuliaHub’ s high-perfor mance
computing resources for lar ge-scale data analysis?
CHAPTER 15
Distributed Computation in Julia
Introduction
Distributed computing refers to a ﬁeld of computer science and engineering
that deals with the design, implementation, and management of systems in
which multiple computers or devices work together to achieve a common
goal. The goal of distributed computing is to leverage the combined
processing power and resource s of multiple machines to solve complex
problems, process large amounts of data, or provide high-performance
services.
In a distributed computing system, the individual machines, often referred
to as nodes, are connected through a network. These nodes communicate
and coordinate their activities to accomplish tasks that would be difﬁcult or
impossible for a single machine to handle efﬁciently . This approach offers
several advanta ges, including improved performance, fault tolerance,
scalability , and resource utilization.
There are various models and architectures for distributed computing,
including:
Client-Server  Architectur e: In this model, there are central servers
that provide services or resources to client machines. Clients request
services from the servers, which then respond with the required data or
results. Web servers and databases often use this architecture.
Peer -to-Peer  (P2P) Architectur e: In a P2P model, all participating
nodes can act as both clients and servers. Nodes share resources
directly with each other , such as ﬁles or processing power . Examples
of P2P  systems include ﬁle-sharing networks like BitT orrent.
Cluster  Compu ting:  Cluster computing involves connecting multiple
machines to form a cluster . Thes e machines work together to complete
computational tasks, often for parallel processing or high-perfor mance
computing purposes.
Grid Computing:  Grid computing extends the concept of cluster
computing by connecting geogr aphically distributed clusters to create
a large, virtualized computing resource. This allows organizations to
share resources and collaborate on tasks that require signiﬁcant
computing power .
Cloud Computing:  Cloud computing provides resources and services
over the internet on demand. It abstracts the underlying infrastr ucture
and allows users to access computing resources, storage, and
applications as needed. Cloud platforms like Amazon Web Services
(AWS), Micros oft Azure, and Google Cloud are examples of this
model.
Distributed computing systems come with challenges related to
communication, synchronization, consistency , fault tolerance, and load
balancing. Designing and implementing effective distributed systems
require careful consideration of these challenges to ensure that the system
performs reliably and efﬁciently .
Structure
In this chapter , the following topics will be covered:
Distributed computation in Julia
Asynchronous Execution and Cooperative Task Scheduling in Julia
Loading packages in Distributed Computing
Managing processes
Data transfer in distributed computing
Variables in distributed computing
Maps and Loops
References and Channels
Distributed Garbage Collection
Shared Arrays
Clusters Managers
Distributed computation in Julia
In the realm of high-performance computing, the demand for faster and
more efﬁcient computation has led to the evolution of parallel and
distributed computing. Julia, a modern programming language designed for
scientiﬁc and technical computing, embraces this demand by offering robust
support for both multi-processing and distributed computing. This chapter
delves into the fascinating world of parallelism, exploring how Julia’ s
Distributed module revolutionizes the way we leverage the computational
capabilities of modern hardware.
Harnessing the Strength of Many
In today’ s computing landscape, a single computer often hosts multiple
CPUs, while multiple compute rs can be combined into a cluster . This
abundance of processing power holds the potential to accelerate
computations signiﬁcantly . There are two critical factors that inﬂuence
performance: the speed of CPUs and their access to memory . Even in
multicore laptop s, variations in memory access speed and cache capabilities
impact performance. An efﬁci ent parallel computing environ ment must
enable precise control over mem ory allocation to each CPU. Julia answers
this need by providing a multiprocessing environment founded on message
passing, allowing programs to execute across multiple processes with
distinct memory domains simultaneously .
A Fresh Take on Message Passing
Unlike traditional message-passing libraries like MPI, Julia introduces a
novel approach to messag e-passing. It employs a “one-sided”
communication model, where the programmer primarily manages one
process in a two-process operation. This design simpliﬁes the interaction by
resembling high-level function calls rather than the classic “message send”
and “message receive” paradigm. Julia’ s distributed programming hinges on
two core primitives: remote references and remote calls.
Remote References: Bridging the Gap
Remote references are powerful constructs that enable communication
across processe s. They serve as handles to objects stored on speciﬁc
processes. Julia  offers two types of remote references: Future  and
RemoteChannel . A Future  represents the result of a remote call, providing a
way to access the outcome of an operation on a separate process . The result
is obtained using wait on the Future or by fetching it. RemoteChannels  are
dynamic communication channels that allow multiple processes to
coordinate their actions by accessing the same shared channel. This opens
avenues for synchronized processing among various processes.
Remote Calls: Executing from Afar
Remote calls are at the heart of Julia’ s distributed computing  paradigm.
They facilitate executing functi ons on remote processes. When a process
makes a remote call, it immed iately receives a Future  represe nting the
result of that call. This non-blocking approach lets the initiating process
continue its operations while the remote call progresses elsewhere. Waiting
for the result can be done using wait, and the outcome can be obtained
using fetch.
Process Identity and Worker Model
In Julia’ s distributed environment, each process is assigned a unique
identiﬁer . The process controlling the Julia prompt bears the ID 1.
Concurrently , processes employed for parallel tasks are known as
“workers ”. For single-pro cess scenarios, the solitary process is also treated
as a worker (Process 1). However , in true parallelism, all proce sses except
Process 1 are considered worke rs. This distinction is vital for methods like
pmap , which ef fectively parallelizes computations across multiple workers.
Embracing Parallelism: A Practical Guide
Putting theory into action, Julia  makes it seamless to harness parallel and
distributed computing. Launching multiple worker processes on a local
machine is as straightforward as invoking julia -p n, where n is the
desired number of workers. Typically , matching n with the number of CPU
threads (logical cores) optimizes  performance. It’s important to note that the
-p argument automatically incorporates the Distributed modu le, ensuring
access to its powerful capabilities.
$ julia -p 2
julia> r = remotecall(rand, 2, 2, 2)
Future(2, 1, 4, ReentrantLock(nothing, 0x00000000, 0x00,
Base.GenericCondition{Base.Threads.SpinLock}
(Base.IntrusiveLinkedList{Task}(nothing, nothing),
Base.Threads.SpinLock(0)), (8, 0, 141733920768)), nothing)
julia> s = @spawnat 2 1 .+ fetch(r)
Future(2, 1, 5, ReentrantLock(nothing, 0x00000000, 0x00,
Base.GenericCondition{Base.Threads.SpinLock}
(Base.IntrusiveLinkedList{Task}(nothing, nothing),
Base.Threads.SpinLock(0)), (8, 4572472576, 4883600368)),
nothing)
julia> fetch(s)
2×2 Array{Float64,2}:
1.18526 1.50912
1.16296 1.60607
Here, you are starting the Julia interpreter with 2 worker processes. The -p
ﬂag indicates the number of worker processes you want to launch. In this
case, you are requesting 2 worker processes.
1. remotecall(rand, 2, 2, 2):
The remotecall function initiates a remote call to a speciﬁ c
function on a particular worker process.
In this case, you are calling the rand function remotely .
The ﬁrst ar gument (rand) is the function you want to call.
The following arguments (2, 2, 2) are the dimensions for
generating random numbers.
The result of this remote call is a Future  that represents  the
outcome of the operation on the speciﬁed worker process.
The output Future(2, 1, 4, nothing)  indicate s that the result
will be available on worker 2, process 1, and the call has a uniqu e
ID of 4.
2. @spawnat 2 1 .+ fetch(r) :
The @spawnat  macro is used to initiate a computation on a
speciﬁc worker process, in this case, worker 2.
2 after @spawnat  indicates the tar get worker process.
1 .+ fetch(r)  is the computation to be performed on the
speciﬁed worker process.
fetch(r)  retrieves the value of the previous remote call’s result
(stored in the Future object r).
1 .+ fetch(r)  adds 1 element-wise to the fetched matrix.
The result of this spawned computation is a Future  that
represents the outcome of the computation on the speciﬁed
worker process.
The output Future(2, 1, 5, nothing)  indicate s that the result
will be available on worker 2, process 1, and the call has a uniqu e
ID of 5.
3. fetch(s) :
The fetch function retrieves the value of a Future .
In this case, you are fetching the result of the computatio n
initiated by the @spawnat macro.
The result is a 2× ٢ matrix of ﬂoating-point numbers.
In summary , the code demonstrates how to perform distributed
computations using Julia›s parallel and distributed computing features. It
generates random numbers remotely , adds 1 to the resulting matrix on a
speciﬁc worker process, and then fetches the ﬁnal result back to the main
process for display . This showcases the power of Julia’ s distributed
programming model and its ability to seamlessly perform computations
across multiple processes.
The landscape of computing is evolving rapidly , and the deman d for faster
and more efﬁcient computations continues to grow . Julia’ s innovative
approach to parallel and distributed computing empowers developers to tap
into the full potential of modern hardware. By simplifying message passing
and providing intuitive tools like remote references and calls, Julia paves
the way for seamless multi-processing and distributed computing. Whether
you›re working on a single laptop or orchestrating computations across a
cluster , Julia’s Distributed module equips you with the tools to conquer the
most demanding computational challenges.
Asynchronous Execution and Cooperative Task
Scheduling in Julia
In the realm of parallel and distributed computing, Julia stands out not only
for its powerful abstractions but also for its thoughtful optimizations. In this
chapter , we delve into two critical concepts: Future caching and cooperative
multitasking. These mechanisms are designed to enhance performance,
improve efﬁciency , and streamline the execution of complex parallel tasks.
The Magic of Future Caching
Julia’ s Future  abstraction is a gateway to a world of parallelism, allowing
tasks to execute remotely while main processes continue without waiting. A
notable feature of Futures is the ability to cache fetched values locally .
When a Future’ s value is fetche d, it is stored locally , minimizing network
hops and subsequent fetch calls for the same result. This optimization not
only reduces overhead but also promotes smoother execution by eliminating
redundant network communication.
Cooperative Multitasking: The @async and
@sync Approach
A signiﬁ cant stride in parallelism comes with Julia’ s @async  and @sync
mechanisms. These tools empower developers to manage tasks in a
cooperative multitasking environment, harnessing paralle lism while
synchronizing execution for seamless coordination.
Feeder  Tasks and @async
The @async  macro functions similarly to @spawnat , but it focuses on local
execution. It is an essential tool in creating “feeder” tasks, a concept pivotal
for distributing tasks across processes efﬁciently . Each feeder task takes
charge of computing a speciﬁc index, awaiting the completion of its
assigned process before procee ding to the next index. Importantly , feeder
tasks don’ t kick of f until the main task enters an @sync  block.
@sync: Coordinated Synchr onization
The @sync  macro serves as the conductor of Julia’ s cooperative
multitasking orchestra. It governs synchronization among tasks, ensuring
the main  task patiently waits until all local tasks, initiated by @async , are
concluded. This approach ensures an organized orchestration of parallel
tasks, preventing chaotic clashes and facilitating a well-structured execution
ﬂow.
Sharing State and Cooperative Multitasking
Julia’ s cooperati ve multitasking model enables tasks to share state, fostering
efﬁcient collabo ration among parallel processes. As of version 0.7 and
beyond, @async -spawned feede r tasks can seamlessly access shared
resources like the nextidx variable. This harmonious state-sharing among
tasks that run on the same process exempliﬁes Julia’ s careful design to
optimize cooperation in parallel execution.
Mindful Context Switching
Cooperative multitasking also comes with a deliberate approach to context
switching. Julia strategically schedules context switches at speciﬁc points,
such as when using remotecall_fetch . This calculated synchronization
helps to manage execution ﬂows efﬁciently , ensuring tasks are not
interrupted haphazardly .
Preparing for Future Innovations
It’s important to recognize that Julia’ s cooperative multitasking model and
resource sharing represent the current state of implementation. This model
is designed to facilitate running multiple tasks on a single process,
potentially leading to a fascinating M:N threading approach in future Julia
versions. However , this advancement might introdu ce the need for resource
locking, particularly when dealing with shared resources.
Julia’ s approach to Future caching and cooperative multitasking
demonstrates a deep commitment to optimizing parallel and distributed
computing. By locally caching Future values, Julia minimizes redundant
network hops and improves overall performance. The syner gy between
@async  and @sync  introduces a cooperative multitasking model that
elegantly orche strates parallel tasks, ensuring organized execution. The
capacity for tasks to share state and the thoughtful managemen t of context
switching showcase Julia’ s emphasis on balance and efﬁciency . As Julia
continues to evolve, these principles will likely play a crucial role in
shaping the future of parallel and distributed computing in the language.
Loading packages in Distributed Computing
We will understa nd the concept of code availability and loading packages in
the context of parallel and distributed computing using  the Julia
programming language. Let’ s break down the main points:
Code Availability:  When workin g with parallel and distributed
computing in Julia, the code you write must be available on all the
processes that will execute it. Each process runs independently , so if a
process doesn’ t have access to the required code, it won’ t be able to
execute functions or use data deﬁned in that code.
Example - Availability Issue:  In the given example, a function called
rand2  is deﬁned. When this function is called on process 1, it runs
successfully because the functio n is deﬁned there. However , when the
same function is called using the @spawnat  macro to run on another
process (process 2), an error occurs because process 2 doesn’ t have
access to the rand2  function.
Loading Packa ges and Files:  In Julia , you can load code from  ﬁles or
packages. The example introduces a ﬁle named DummyModule.jl ,
which deﬁnes a module named DummyModule . This module contains a
mutable struct MyType  and a function f. The @everywhere  macro is
used to ensure that the DummyModule.jl  ﬁle is loaded on every
process.
Scope and Accessibility:  Loading the code doesn’ t automatically
bring the module’ s deﬁnitions into the current scope of all processes.
You need to use using  or import  to make the module’ s contents
accessible. For example, after using .DummyModule , you can create
objects and use functions deﬁne d in DummyModule . If a process hasn’t
brought the module into scope, you can still send objects of types
deﬁned in the module to that process, even if the type itself  is not
directly accessible.
Preloading Files at Startup:  If you want to ensure that certain ﬁles
are preloaded on all processes when you start Julia, you can use the -L
ﬂag follo wed by the ﬁle names. This ensures that the speciﬁed ﬁles are
available on all processes from  the beginning. Additionally , you can
have a driver script that coordinates the computation across processes.
Packages and Scoping:  If your code is structured as a package, using
the pack age with using  will load the package’ s code on all processes,
but the package’ s contents will only be accessible on the process
where using  was called. This means that even though all processes
have access to the package’ s code, they don’t all have access to its
contents unless they explicitly bring it into scope.
The overall message is that in parallel and distributed comput ing in Julia,
you need  to ensure that your code is available on all processes that will run
it. You can achieve this by loading ﬁles using the @everywhere  macro, or by
using the -L ﬂag at startup. However , loading the code doesn’ t necessarily
bring the contents into scope, and you need to manage scoping and
accessibility explicitly across processes.
Managing processes
We will understa nd the concepts related to multi-processing and distributed
computing in Julia. It outlines the principles behind parallel processing,
message passing, and distributed programming in the languag e. Here’ s a
detailed breakdown:
Introduction to multipr ocessin g and Distributed Computing : Julia
provides support for distributed  memory parallel computing through
the Distributed module, which is part of the standard library . This is
particularly useful for utilizing the computational power of modern
computers with multiple CPUs or clusters of interconnected
computers.
Performance Factors:  Perform ance in distributed computing is
inﬂuenced by CPU speed and memory access speed. Local memory
access is faster than accessing memory on remote nodes. These
considerations hold for both multi-core computers and clusters.
Julia’ s Appr oach to Distributed Computing:  Julia’ s distributed
programming environment is based on message passing. Processes can
run on separate memory domains and communicate through message
passing, allowing for concurrent execution.
Message Passing in Julia:  Julia’s message  passing is typically “one-
sided,” meaning that one process expli citly manages communication
while the other proceeds with its operation. Communication doesn’ t
necessarily involve direct message send and receive operations but
often takes the form of higher -level function calls.
Distributed Programming Primitives:  Distributed programming in
Julia is built upon two core concepts: remote references and remote
calls. Remote references allow processes to refer to objects stored on
other processes, while remote calls involve requesting another process
to execute a certain function on speciﬁc ar guments.
Using Remote Refer ences:  Remote references come in two forms:
Future  and RemoteChannel . A Future  represen ts the result of a remote
call and can be fetched to obtain the result. A RemoteChannel  is a
communication channel between processes.
Creating and Fetching Remote Calls:  Remote calls return Future
objects representing the result of the computation. They return
immediately , and you can wait for them to ﬁnish using wait  and
obtain the result using fetch .
Using  @spawnat  Macr o: The @spawnat  macro evaluates an expression
on a speciﬁed process. It’s similar to a remote call but more
expressive. It’ s used to perform computations on remote processes.
Efﬁcient Fetching:  The remotecall_fetch  function combines
fetching and calling a remote function in one step, making it more
efﬁcient.
Parallel Processing and @async : @async  is a macro used to run tasks
concurrently on the local process. It’s useful for creating feeder tasks
for each process.
Code Availability and Loading Packages:  Code must be available
on all processes that use it. Load ing code from ﬁles or packages  using
@everywhere  or the -L ﬂag ensures code availability . Using packages
requires managing scope.
Starting and Managing Worker Processes:  The addprocs  functio n
adds worker processes, rmprocs  removes them, and workers  lists
active processes. It’s important to load the Distributed  module  on the
master process before adding workers.
Custom Cluste rManagers:  Julia supports various types of clusters,
including custom ones. A ClusterManager  can be implemented to
deﬁne how Julia interacts with dif ferent cluster setups.
Data transfer in distributed computing
We will unde rstand the concept of data movement in distributed
programming using Julia and the importance of minimizing data movement
for achieving performance and scalability , with examples illustrating
different ways data can be moved between processes and highlighting the
trade-of fs involved.
Data Movement Overhead:  Data movement , which involves sending
messages or transferring data between different processes,  often
constitutes a signiﬁcant portion of the overhead in distributed
programs. The goal is to reduce the number of messages and the
amount of data moved to improve program performance and
scalability .
Explicit and Implicit Data Movement:  In Julia’ s distributed
programming constructs, there are both explicit and implicit data
movement operations. The fetch  function is an explicit data
movement operation because it directly requests that an object be
moved from a remote process to the local machine. On the other hand,
constructs like @spawnat  have an implicit data moveme nt aspect that
might not be immediately obvious.
Example: Constructing and Squaring a Matrix:  The text provides an
example involvi ng two methods for constructing and squaring a random
matrix in a distributed context.
Method 1:
julia> A = rand(1000, 1000);
julia> Bref = @spawnat :any A^2;
julia> fetch(Bref);
1000×1000 Matrix{Float64}:
…
Method 2:
julia> Bref = @spawnat :any rand(1000, 1000)^2;
julia> fetch(Bref);
1000×1000 Matrix{Float64}:
…
Distinguishing the Methods:  While the difference between the two
methods may seem trivial, it has signiﬁcant implications due to the
behavior of @spawnat . In Method 1, a random matrix is constructed on
the local process, and then sent to another process where it is squared.
In Meth od 2, both matrix constr uction and squaring are performed on
the same remote process. As a result, the second method involves
sending much less data between processes compared to the ﬁrst
method.
Considerations for Data Movement:  Designing data movement
strategies in a distributed program requires careful consideration and
often measurement. Depending on various factors, such as the
availability of data on different processes and the computational cost
of operations, dif ferent approaches may be beneﬁcial.
If the current process needs the data, local construction might be
better .
If computing the data is expens ive and only the current proce ss
has it, moving it to another process might be necessary .
If the current process has minimal work between @spawnat  and
fetch , eliminating parallelism could be considered.
If the random matrix generation is replaced with a more
expensive operation, adding another @spawnat  might  be
advantageous.
Choosing the Right Appr oach:  The choice of data movement
strategy depends on the speciﬁc requirements and characteristics of
the problem. Optimizing data movement involves weighing trade-offs
between paralle lism, computatio n cost, and communication overhead
to achieve the best overall performance in a distributed program.
Variables in distributed computing
The provided text discusses the behavior of global variables in the context
of remote execution using Julia’ s distributed programming features, such as
@spawnat  and remotecall_fetch . It explains how global variables are
handled when used in remote calls and offers guidance on how to manage
them ef fectively . Let’ s break down the information:
Global Variables in Remote  Execution:  When executing code
remotely using constructs like @spawnat  and remotecall_fetch , you
might reference global variables . Global bindings in the Main  module
are treated dif ferently compared to global bindings in other modules.
Example:  Referencing Global Variables: Consider the code snippet:
julia> A = rand(10, 10)
10×10 Matrix{Float64}:
0.253969 0.00485857 0.871175 0.692261 0.375655 0.914166
0.488375 0.871096 0.406925 0.68845
…
0.704127 0.682123 0.185796 0.492256 0.629498 0.526364
0.447056 0.0307264 0.829556 0.42526
julia> remotecall_fetch(()->sum(A), 2)
52.61104291838339
Here, sum must be deﬁned  on the remote process (worker 2). While A
is a global variable in the local  workspace, worker 2 doesn’ t have a
variable named A in its Main  module. However , the act of shipping the
closure ()->sum(A)  to work er 2 results in Main.A  being deﬁned there.
Importantly , Main.A  on worker 2 continues to exist even after the
remotecall_fetch  returns.
Handling Global Refer ences in Remote Calls:  Remote calls with
embedded globa l references (limited to the Main  module ) behav e as
follows:
New global bindings are created on the destination workers if
they are referenced as part of a remote call.
Global constants are also declared as constants on remote nodes.
Globals are re-sent to a destination worker only within the
context of a remote call if their value has changed.
The cluster does not synchronize global bindings across nodes.
Example Illustration:  The text provides an illustrative example to
demonstrate these points. After calling remotecall_fetch(()-
>sum(A), 2) and then modifying A, calling  remotecall_fetch(()-
>sum(A), 3) results in different values of Main.A  on work ers 2 and 3,
while the value of Main.A  on the master node (node 1) is set to
nothing .
Managing Glob al Memory on Workers:  While memory  associated
with globals may be collected when they are reassigned to the master
node, no such action is taken on the worker nodes. The bindings for
globals continue to be valid. To release memory associated with them
on remote nodes, you can use the clear!  function to manually
reassign speciﬁc globals to nothing . This action will release the
memory as part of the regular garbage collection cycle.
Best Practices:  The text empha sizes the importance of being cautious
when referencing globals in remote calls. It’s preferable to avoid using
globals in such cases if possib le. If you need to reference globals,
consider using let blocks to localize global variables. This helps
avoid unexpected behavior due to global variable bindings on remote
workers.
Example of Using let Blocks:  The text provides an example of using
a let block to ensure a global variable remains local and doesn’ t
interfere with remote execution.
julia> A = rand(10, 10)
10×10 Matrix{Float64}:
0.414612 0.708716 0.451456 0.0138283 0.714173 0.825522
0.647969 0.615009 0.0255661 0.857037
…
julia> remotecall_fetch(()->A, 2)
10×10 Matrix{Float64}:
0.414612 0.708716 0.451456 0.0138283 0.714173 0.825522
0.647969 0.615009 0.0255661 0.857037
…
julia> B = rand(10, 10)
10×10 Matrix{Float64}:
0.181936 0.866609 0.352039 0.975791 0.847819 0.640851
0.51947 0.206783 0.366583 0.819961
…
julia> let B = B
remotecall_fetch(()->B, 2)
End
10×10 Matrix{Float64}:
0.181936 0.866609 0.352039 0.975791 0.847819 0.640851
0.51947 0.206783 0.366583 0.819961
…
julia> @fetchfrom 2 InteractiveUtils.varinfo()
name size summary
––––––––––– ––––––––– –––––––––––––––––––––
A 840 bytes 10×10 Matrix{Float64}
Base Module
Core Module
Distributed 1.151 MiB Module
Main Module
r 216 bytes Future
This example shows that A is deﬁned on worker 2, but B is captured as a
local variable within the let block, and thus a binding for B does not exist
on worker 2.
Maps and Loops
We will understand the concept of parallel map and loops in Julia’ s
distributed programming context, showcasing examples and best practices
for performing parallel computations efﬁciently . Let’s break down the
information:
Parallel Comp utation withou t Data Movement : Many  paralle l
computations don’t require data movement and can be executed
independently on multiple processes. A common example is a Monte
Carlo simulation  where multiple processes perform independen t trials
simultaneously .
Deﬁning a Parallelizable Function : The text introduces a function
called count_heads  that counts the number of “heads” in a sequence
of random coin ﬂips.
Using  @spawnat  for Parallel Execution : The @spawnat macro is
used to execute the count_heads  function on different processes
simultaneously . The results are then fetched and combined using the
fetch function.
Parallel For Loop with  @distributed : A more generalized approach
to achieve parallelism is demonstrated using a parallel for loop
implemented with the @distributed  macro. In this example, multiple
iterations of the loop are assig ned to different processes, and their
results are combined using a speciﬁed reduction operation (in this
case, +).
Parallel Loop Behavior : It’s highlighted that parallel for loops differ
from serial for loops. The iterations don’t necessarily occur in a
speciﬁc order , and variables or array writes aren’ t globally visible
since iterations run on dif ferent processes.
Avoiding Shar ed Variables in Parallel Loops : It’s cautioned that
using shared variables directly  within parallel loops can lead to
unexpected behavior due to the separate copies of variables on
different processes. Shared Arrays are introduced as a workaround for
this limitation.
Using Read-On ly “Outside ” Variables : While modifying shared
variables in parallel loops can lead to issues, using read-only variables
from outside the loop is reasona ble. The example demonstrates how a
read-only vector can be used within a parallel loop.
Asynchr onous Parallel Loops : It’s mentioned that the reduction
operator can be omitted if not needed. In such cases, the loop runs
asynchronously , spawning independent tasks on available workers and
returning an array of Future objects. The caller can wait for these
futures to complete later .
Parallel Map with pmap : The concept of parallel map is introduced
using the pmap function in Julia. This function applies a given
function to elements of a collection in parallel. An example is
provided where singular values of multiple large random matric es are
computed in parallel using pmap.
Comparison between pmap and @distributed for: The differences
between pmap and @distributed for are explained. pmap is designed
for cases where each function call involves a large amount of work,
while @distributed  for can handle smaller tasks. Both use worker
processes for the parallel computation, and the ﬁnal reduction is done
on the calling process for @distributed  for.
References and Channels
We will understand the concepts  of remote references and abstra ct channels
in Julia’ s distributed programming framework. Let’s break down the
information:
Remote Refer ences and AbstractChannels : Remote references in
Julia are used to refer to objects that are stored on remote processes.
These remote references are always associated with an implementation
of an AbstractChannel .
AbstractChannel  and Concrete Implementations: An
AbstractChannel  is an abstract type that deﬁn es the behavior of
communication channels between processes. Concrete
implementations of AbstractChannel , such as Channel, are required
to implement speciﬁc methods like put! , take! , fetch , isready , and
wait .
Remote Object Storage in Channels : A remote objec t referred to by
a Futur e (a type representing a reference to the result of an
asynchronous computation) is stored in a Channel{Any}(1) . This
means that the remote process  holds a channel with a size of 1,
capable of storing objects of any type.
RemoteChannel  and Rew ritable Refer ences : RemoteChannel  is a type
that allows for rewritable references to different types and sizes of
channels, as well as other implementations of AbstractChannel . This
ﬂexibility enables you to refer to various types of remote
communication mechanisms.
Constructing Remote Channels : The constructor
RemoteChannel(f::Function, pid)()  is used to create references to
channels that can hold more than one value of a speciﬁc type. The
function f is executed on the process with the given pid, and it must
return an AbstractChannel . This allows you to construct references to
channels with dif ferent properties on remote processes.
Example of RemoteChannel : An example is provided to illustrate the
use of RemoteChannel . For instance, RemoteChannel(()-
>Channel{Int}(10), pid)  constru cts a reference to a channel of type
Int and size 10. This channel exists on the worker process identi ﬁed by
pid.
Methods on RemoteChannel : Methods such as put! , take! , fetch ,
isready , and wait  can be used on a RemoteChannel . These methods
are proxied onto the actual channel implementation on the remote
process, allowin g you to interac t with the remote channel as if it were
local.
Custom Implementations with  RemoteChannel : Remot eChannel can
be used to refer to user-implemented AbstractChannel objects. For
example, you can create your custom channel types and use
RemoteChannel to interact with them on remote processes.
Example in dictchannel.jl : The text menti ons that there’ s a simple
example provided in the dictchannel.jl  ﬁle in the Examples
repository . This example uses a dictionary as the remote stora ge for
the channel, showcasing the ﬂexibility of remote channels for various
use cases.
We will understa nd the concepts of channels and remote channe ls in Julia’ s
distributed programming framework. It introduces their usage through an
example of parallel computation involving interprocess  communication .
Let’s break down the information:
Channels and  RemoteChannels :
A Chann el is a communication mechanism that is local to a single
process. It cannot be directly accessed by other processes.
In contra st, a RemoteChannel  serves as a hand le to a Channel  and
allows values to be exchanged across dif ferent worker processes.
The pid (process id) associated with a RemoteChannel  identiﬁes
the process where the backing store (the actual Channel) exists.
Any process with a reference to a RemoteChannel  can perform
operations such as putting and taking items from the channel.
Data is automatically sent to or retrieved from the process
associated with the RemoteChannel .
Serialization of Channels and  RemoteChannels :
When a Channe l is serialized, the data present in the channel is
also serialized. Deserializing it creates a copy of the original
object.
Serializing a RemoteChannel  involves serializing an identiﬁer  that
points to the location and instance of the underlying Channe l.
Deserializing a RemoteChannel  results in a reference to the same
backing store as the original.
Parallel Computation Example : For multiple worker processe s to
perform parallel computation using channels for interprocess
communication, we need to follow the steps:
Workers are added using addprocs(4)  to create four worker
processes.
Two RemoteChannel  instances, jobs and results, are created to
manage commu nication betwe en the master process and the
workers.
A function do_work  is deﬁned using @everywhere , making it
available on all worker processes. This function simulates the
execution of tasks.
The make_jobs  function populates the jobs channel with job IDs.
n jobs are created using make_jobs(n)  and fed into the jobs
channel asynchronously .
Parallel tasks are started on worker processes using remote_do  to
process jobs from the jobs chann el and write results to the results
channel.
Results are fetched from the results channel using a loop that
prints job IDs, execution times, and worker IDs.
Distributed Garbage Collection
When you have objects referen ced by remote references in a distributed
computing scena rio, these objects can only be freed when all the references
to them across the cluster have been deleted.
Here’ s how the process works:
Refer ence Tracking : The node that stores the actual value of the
object keeps track of which workers in the cluster have references to
it. Whe never a remote reference, like a RemoteChannel  or an
unfetched  Future, is serialized and sent to a worker , the node where
the value is stored is notiﬁed about this addition of reference.
Garbage Collection Notiﬁcation : Similarly , when a remote refer ence
or an unfetched  Future is garba ge collected locally (on the worker
where it was created), the owning node is notiﬁed again. This
notiﬁcation mechanism is handled by an internal serializer that is
aware of the cluster ’s structure.
Cluster  Context : It’s essential to understand that remote references
are only valid within the context of a running cluster . You can’t
serialize and deserialize referen ces to and from regular I/O objects;
this is not supported.
Tracking Messa ges: The notiﬁcations are managed using “tracking ”
messages. When a reference is serialized to another process, an “add
reference ” message is sent to the owning node. Conversely , when a
reference is locally garbage collected, a “delete reference ” message
is sent to the owning node.
Futur es Behav ior: Futures are designed to be written once and
cached locally . Fetching a Future also triggers an update to the
reference tracking information on the node that holds the value.
Value Freedom : The node that owns the value of an object will free it
from memory only when all references to it have been cleared.
Serializing Fetched Futur es: If you serializ e a fetched Future to a
different node, the value is also sent along with it. This is because, by
the time you serialize it, the original node might have already
collected the value.
Local Garbage Collection : The local garbage collection of objects
depends on their size and the current memory usage in the system.
Smaller local reference objects may not be immediately collected.
Explicitly Calling Finalize : It’s a recommended practice to explicitly
call the ﬁnalize function on local instances of RemoteChannels  or on
unfetched  Futures that you no longer need. This sends an immediate
message to the remote node, instructing it to remove its reference to
the value. This is particularly important because the local reference
may not be collected immediately due to memory management
considerations.
Refer ence Inva lidation : Once you call ﬁnalize on a reference, it
becomes invalid. You can’ t use it in any further operations or calls.
Local Invocations in Distributed Computing
When working with distributed computing in Julia, there’ s an interesting
behavior to consider regarding local invocations, which involv es how data
is copied and manipulated on remote nodes. Let’ s break down this behavior:
Data Copy for Remote Execution : In distributed computing, when
you use remotecalls  or store  data in a RemoteChannel  or Future on a
different node, the data is copied over to the remote node for
execution. This naturally results  in serialized copies of the objects on
the remote node.
Local Execution on Same Node : However , when the destination
node for a remotecall  or data storage is the same as the local node
(the node where  the call originates), the call is executed as a local call.
While it might run in a separate task, there’ s no serialization or
deserialization of data. Consequently , the call operates on the same
object instances that were passed, and no copies are created.
Demonstrating Local Invocation :
When you create a RemoteChannel  on the local node and perform
put! operations on it while modifying the same object instance
between calls, only a single object instance is stored in the
RemoteChannel . The modiﬁcat ions made to the object instance
are reﬂected across all operations.
On the other hand, if the RemoteChannel  is owned by a different
node, modiﬁcations between calls result in separate object
instances being stored.
Local Invocations and Data Copy :
This behavior is generally not problematic. It’s a consideration
mainly if the object is both stored locally and modiﬁed after the
call.
In such cases, it might be appro priate to store a deep copy of the
object to ensure that modiﬁcations don’ t affect the stored version.
Applying to  remotecall :
The same principle applies to remotecalls  execute d on the local
node.
When a remotecall  is made to the local node, it behaves just like
a direct invocation. The call modiﬁes local objects passed as
arguments.
However , when the remotecall  is execu ted on a remote node, it
operates on copies of the ar guments passed.
Demonstrations :
You can observe this behavior:
When invoking a remotecall_fetch  on the local node,
modiﬁcations to the input argument affect the fetched result
because it’ s executed locally .
When the remotecall_fetch  is executed on a remote node,
modiﬁcations to the input argument don’t affect the fetched
result since it operates on a copy .
Considerations and Use Cases :
This behavior is generally mana geable and might not be an issue
for most scenarios.
It becom es relev ant if the local  node is also used as a compu te
node and ar guments are modiﬁed after the call.
In such cases, you might need to consider using deep copies of
arguments for the call invoked on the local node.
Calls on remote nodes always operate on copies of ar guments.
Shared Arrays
Shared Arrays in Julia are a powerful tool for distributed computing,
allowing multipl e processes to jointly access and manipulate the same array
data using system-shared memory . Here’ s a comprehensive explanation of
how Shared Arrays work and how to use them ef fectively:
Basic Concept :
Shared Arrays map the same array across multiple processes
using system-shared memory .
Unlike Distributed Arrays (DArrays), where each process
accesses a chunk of data, Share d Arrays allow each participating
process to access the entire array .
Shared Arrays are particularly useful when large data needs to be
shared among multiple processes on the same machine.
Module and Loading :
The functionality for Shared Arrays is provided by the
SharedArrays  module.
This module must be explicitly loaded on all participating
workers using the @everywhere  using SharedArrays  directive.
Array Indexing and Behavior :
Shared Array indexing (assignment and access) follows the same
rules as regular arrays.
Operations are efﬁcient due to direct access to local process
memory .
Algorithms designed for regular arrays can work naturally with
Shared Arrays, though they will operate in single-process mode.
To work with algorithms expecting regular arrays, you can
extract the underlying array using the sdata function.
Creating Shar ed Arrays :
The constructor for a Shared Array follows the pattern:
SharedArray{T,N}(dims::NTuple; init=false,
pids=Int[])
This creates an N-dimensional shared array of type T with
dimensions dims, across the processes speciﬁed by pids.
Only processes speciﬁed by pids (and the creating process) can
access the Shared Array .
Note that only elements of bits type (isbits ) are supported in a
SharedArray .
Initialization and Parallel Initialization :
You can specify an init functio n when creating a Shared Array,
with the signature initfn(S::SharedArray) .
The init  function is called on all participating workers and can
be used to initialize the array .
Parallel initializ ation can be achieved by having each worker run
the init  function on a distinct portion of the array .
julia> using Distributed
julia> addprocs(3)
julia> @everywhere using SharedArrays
julia> S = SharedArray{Int,2}((3,4), init = S ->
S[localindices(S)] = repeat([myid()],
length(localindices(S))))
3×4 SharedMatrix{Int64}:
2 3 5 6
2 4 5 6
3 4 6 6
julia> S[3,2] = 7
julia> S
3×4 SharedMatrix{Int64}:
2 3 5 6
2 4 5 6
3 7 6 6
In this example, S is a 3×4 Shared Array of Integers, where each element is
initialized to the process ID.
Customizing Work Distribution :
The localindices  function provides disjoint one-dimensional
index ranges, useful for dividing work among processes.
You can deﬁne your own partitioning strategy using functions
like indexpids  and length.
Avoiding Conﬂicts :
Since all processes have access to the same underlying data,
conﬂicts can arise when multiple processes modify the same
element.
Care must be taken to avoid such conﬂicts, ensuring that
processes don’ t interfere with each other .
Parallel algorith ms should be designed to minimize overlappin g
work.
Parallel Kernel Example :
An example of parallelizing a kernel is provided:
function advection_shared!(q, u)
@sync begin
for p in procs(q)
@async remotecall_wait(advection_shared_chunk!, p,
q, u)
end
end
q
end
This function distributes chunks  of the array to different workers
for parallel processing.
Performance Comparison :
Shared Arrays offer signiﬁcant performance advantages in terms
of reduced communication overhead between workers.
Compared to parallel implementations using @distributed,
Shared Arrays can lead to faster execution times and better
resource utilization.
Cluster Managers
In Julia’s distributed computing framework, the concept of
ClusterManagers  plays a crucia l role in managing and organizing the
launching, networking, and event handling of worker processes within a
logical cluster . Here’ s an in-depth explanation of how ClusterManagers
function and their key characteristics:
Responsibilities of a ClusterManager:
A ClusterManager  oversees several critical tasks within a Julia
cluster , including:
Launching worker processes within the cluster environment.
Managing various events during the lifespan of each worker
process.
Optionally , providing data transport between workers.
Characteristics of a Julia Cluster:
A Julia cluster consists of several interconnected processes,
where each process serves a speciﬁc purpose.
The initial process, often referred to as the master process, is
assigned an ID of 1.
Only the master process has the authority to add or remov e
worker processes from the cluster .
Communication between processes is direct and seamless,
enabling any process to communicate with any other process.
Establishing Connections between Workers:
Connections between workers are established through a speciﬁc
process:
The addprocs  function is invoked on the master process,
along with a ClusterManager  object.
The appropriate launch method is called, spawning the
required numbe r of worker processes on the designated
machines.
Each worker process starts listening on a free port and
outputs its host and port information to the standard output.
The cluster manager captures the standard output of each
worker and makes this information available to the master
process.
The master process parses the output, establishes TCP/IP .
connections to each worker , and notiﬁes workers about
others in the cluster .
Each worker connects to every worker with an ID lower than
its own, forming a mesh netw ork where each worker is
directly connected to all others.
Transport Layer  and Customization:
The default transport layer for communication between worke rs
uses plain TCPSockets .
However , it’s possible to replace the default transport with a
custom transport to suit speciﬁc needs.
Custom transpor t implementatio ns require setting up connections
to remote workers and providing appropriate IO objects for
message-processing loops.
In-Built Cluster  Managers:
Julia provides two built-in cluster managers:
LocalManager : Used when addprocs()  or
addprocs(np::Integer)  is called. It launches additional
workers on the same host, utilizing multi-core and multi-
processor hardware.
SSHManager : Used when addprocs(hostnames::Array)  is
called with a list of hostnam es. It launches workers on
remote hosts via SSH and can also handle master -worker and
worker -worker connections via SSH.
Custom Cluster  Manager  Implementation:
A custo m cluster manager must be a subtype of the abstra ct
ClusterManager .
It should implement the launch method responsible for launching
new workers and the manage method, which handles various
events during a worker ’s lifetime (such as registration,
interruption, and ﬁnalization).
Worker  Conﬁguration with WorkerConﬁg:
A WorkerConfig  object stores information related to workers and
their behavior .
Fields include io, host , port , count , exename , exeflags ,
userdata , tunnel , bind_addr , sshflags , max_parallel , and
connect_at .
Custom cluster managers can utilize speciﬁc ﬁelds to tailor
worker behavior and connectivity .
Cluster  Cookie for  Authentication:
All processes within a cluster share the same cookie, serving as
an authentication mechanism.
Workers must be started with the same cookie as the mast er
process to ensure secure connections.
The cookie can be passed to workers through command-line
arguments or stdin.
Cluster managers can retrieve the cookie using the
cluster_cookie()  function.
Security Considerations for  LocalManager  and SSHManager:
LocalManager  and SSHManager  are designed for secure
environments.
LocalManager  binds only to the loopback interface by default,
ensuring local connections.
SSHManager  uses SSH to launch workers and can be conﬁgured
for passwordless login.
Security measur es, such as secure networking and encryption,
can be customized using custom cluster managers.
Conclusion
In this chapter , we delved into the realm of distributed computation in Julia,
exploring how to harness the power of multiple processes for parallel and
cooperative task execution. Through various concepts and techniques, we
learned how to leverage Julia’ s capabilities to distribute workloads across
multiple machines or cores, leading to enhanced performance and
efﬁciency .
I want to take a moment to extend my heartfelt congratulations to each one
of you for your hard work and dedication in mastering the concepts of Julia
for data science  and machine learning. I am truly delighted that you have
completed your studies and hands-on exercises in Julia successfully . Your
commitment to understanding the intricacies of this programming language
and its application in the ﬁelds of data science and machine learning is
commendable. It is through hands-on experience that we truly solidify our
knowledge and gain the conﬁd ence to apply what we’ve learned to real-
world situations . I trust that these exercises have given you a strong
foundation and practical insigh ts that will serve you well in your future
endeavors.
Julia is a versatile and powerful language, and your newfound expertise in it
will undoubtedly open up a world of possibilities in data science and
machine learnin g. As you move forward, I encourage you to continue
exploring and experimenting with Julia, pushing the boundaries of what you
can achieve in these exciting ﬁelds. Remember that learning is a lifelong
journey , and there is always more to discover and accomplish. If you have
any questions, need further guidance, or wish to delve deeper into speciﬁc
topics, please do not hesitate to reach out. I am here to support your
continued growth and learning. Once again, congratulations on your
achievements, and I look forwar d to hearing about your future successes in
the world of data science and machine learning. Keep pushing the
boundaries, stay curious, and never stop learning.
Questions
1. What are the beneﬁts of asynchronous execution and cooperativ e task
scheduling in a distributed computing environment, and how do they
contribute to overall performance?
2. How does loading packages in distributed computing differ from
loading them in a single process, and why is it important to ensure all
processes have access to the required packages?
3. Explain the role of process management in distributed computing.
How can you dynamically add or remove processes, and why is this
ﬂexibility valuable?
4. What strategies  and considerations should you keep in mind  when
transferring data between processes in a distributed setup? How can
you minimize data transfer overhead?
5. In the context of distributed computing, what challenges can arise
when working with variables across different processes? How can
proper scoping and synchronization mitigate these challenges?
6. How do maps and loops contrib ute to parallelization and concurrency
in distributed computing? Provide examples of scenarios where these
constructs can be ef fectively utilized.
7. What are references and channels in the context of distributed
computing, and how do they facilitate communication and
synchronization between processes? Provide real-world scenarios
where their usage would be beneﬁcial.
8. Explain the concept of distributed garbage collection. How does it
ensure efﬁcient memory management in a distributed enviro nment,
and what factors inﬂuence the process of garbage collection?
9. What is the purpose of Shared Arrays in distributed computing, and
how do they differ from Distributed Arrays? How can Shared Arrays
optimize data sharing among processes?
10. Describe the role of Cluster Managers in distributed computing. What
responsibilities do they have in terms of process launching,
management, and networking within a logical cluster?
Index
A
abstract channels
concept 442, 443
addcounts!() function 163
arguments
data 176
edges 176
weight 176
array
about 103, 104
in Julia 88-93
asynchronous execution 432
asynchronous programming
about 400, 401
concepts and techniques 401
asynchronous tasks 401, 402
atomic operations 415, 416
attributes
plotting 277-279
autocorrelation 167
autocovariance 167
autoencoders 326
B
backends
plotting 281, 282
bar plot 131
Bayesian approach
used, for manipulating categorical data 388-390
used, for manipulating discrete data 385-388
Bayesian inference
about 367
beneﬁts 367
challenges 368
examples 368
problem solving 368
Bayesian linear regression 375, 376
Bayesian logistic regression 376, 377
Bayesian model
about 372, 373, 394
building 381
types 373-375
Bayesian modeling
in Julia 383-385
Bayesian network 377, 378, 394, 395
Bayesian neural networks (BNNs) 380-383
Bayesian statistics
concepts 369
problem solving 370
versus Bayes' theorem 368, 369
Bayes' theorem
about 183
versus Bayesian statistics 368, 369
blocking programming 400
bound mutable variable
versus copy mutable variable 37-39
broadcasting 108
C
caching 432
categorical data
about 318
consideration 318
handling 319
in DataFrame 253-255
manipulating, with Bayesian approach 388-390
CategoricalV ector 253
censored probability distribution
about 196, 197
versus truncated probability distribution 198
channels
connecting 406, 407
channels and remote channels
concept 443, 444
ClusterManagers function
about 449
characteristics 449-451
code structure
managing, in Julia 77-79
columnindex function 129
common stopping criteria 362
compound expression
about 47
functions, deﬁning 48
concurrency
versus parallelism 408
conditional evaluation
about 40-42
exceptions, handling 44, 45
short circuit, evaluating 42, 43
conditional probability 182
context switching 433
contour plot 289-293
control ﬂow
constructing 39, 40
convolutions
in Distributions.jl 204, 205
cooperative multitasking model 433
cooperative task scheduling 432
copy mutable variable
versus bound mutable variable 37-39
correlation
about 153, 165
drawing, from Raw Data 4, 5
counteq() function 161
counting method
about 161
addcounts!() function 163
counteq() function 161
countmap() function 163, 164
countne() function 162
counts() function 162
proportionmap() function 164
proportions() function 163
countmap() function 163, 164
countne() function 162
counts() function 162
covariance 152, 165
cross-correlation 169
cross-covariance 169
cumulative histogram 299, 300
D
data
accessing, from database 122-124
acquiring 118-121
DataFrame, visualizing 131
fetching 215, 216
inspecting 117-228
loading, from CSV  ﬁle into DataFrame 126-128
manipulating 229, 230
obtaining 117, 118
TextAnalysis package 130
text ﬁles, saving 128, 129
data analysis
features 6
need for 6
observational estimation 175, 176
outlier detection and treatment 156
statistical function 172-174
data containers 310
DataFrame
categorical data 253-255
data joining 255-262
data reshaping 248
data sorting 244
missing data 239
sorting 245-248
Split-Apply-Combine (SAC) strategy 262-268
DataFrameMacros.jl package 232
DataFrame objects
constructing 211-213
data, fetching 213-215
data, inspecting 213-215
data, manipulating 213-215
DataFrames.jl package
about 210
environment, setting up 210, 211
functions 255
DataFramesMeta.jl package
about 230, 232
examples 231
DataFrames package 142
data frontend for MLJ
about 354, 355
beneﬁts 353, 354
need for 353
data handling
in Machine Learning in Julia (MLJ) 309, 310
data joining
in DataFrame 255-262
data manipulation framework
DataFrameMacros.jl package 232
DataFramesMeta.jl package 230, 232
in Julia 230
Query .jl package 232, 233
data-model type mismatches
addressing 324
feature engineering 324
scientiﬁc type coercion 324
data preparation
data-model type mismatches, addressing 324
data splitting 323, 324
data preprocessing
with MLJ transformers 334, 335
data reshaping
in DataFrame 248
in Julia 249-252
melting 249
pivoting 248
stacking 249
data science
about 2
deﬁning 2
machine learning 4
problem 143, 144
statistics 3, 4
task automation, need for 3
data science workﬂows
asynchronous programming 422
parallel computation 422, 423
speeding up 422
threads 422
data sorting
in DataFrames 244
data splitting
about 323
partition 323
unpack 323
data transfer
in distributed computing 436-438
decision trees 326
descriptive statistics
about 149
purpose 149
descriptive statistics measures
correlation 153
covariance 152
entropy 154
mean 150
median 150
mode 151
overview 149, 156
quantiles 154, 155
range 151
standard deviation 152
summary statistics 155
variance 151
weighted mean 150
weighted sum 150
deterministic regressor
about 343, 344
types 343
dictionaries 104
dimension inspection 194
discrete data
manipulating, with Bayesian approach 385-388
distance method
in StatsBase.jl 158
distributed computing
about 428
data transfer 436-438
local invocations 445, 446
message-passing libraries 429
modern hardware 429
packages, loading 434, 435
parallelism 430, 431, 432
process identity 430
remote calls 430
remote references 429
variables 438-440
worker model 430
Distributed Garbage Collection
about 444
working 444, 445
distribution function
about 186
dimension inspection 194
parameter retrieval 188
probability , estimating 192, 193
sampling 189
statistics computation 190, 191
type hierarchy 186, 187
Distributions.jl
convolutions 204, 205
mixture models 202-205
Distributions.jl package 185, 196
E
entropy 154
Euclidean distance 158
F
feature importance 350
ﬁlter 107
ﬁnalizers
using 421
ﬁt method
about 347
objects 347
function-end keyword 51, 52
function name
about 52
rules 53
functions
deﬁning 48
G
Gaussian Mixture Models (GMMs) 326
Gaussian processes 379
Gaussian Process Latent Variable Model (GPL VM) 391-394
gkldiv function 161
GLM.jl 210
Grid search 360
H
hash function 99
hasproperty function 129
Hidden Markov Models (HMMs) 394-396
histogram 131
hyperparameters 361
HypothesisT ests.jl 210
I
innovation
preparing 433, 434
interquartile range (IQR) 157
iterative model
about 361
controlling 362
J
joint probability 183
Julia
arrays 88-93
Bayesian modeling 383-385
code structure, managing 77-79
data manipulation framework 230
data reshaping 249-252
data structure, setting 102, 103
missing values 240-243
multiple dispatch 73-76
passing ar gument 57
probability package 183, 184
tuple data structure 94-96
Julia code methods
with IDEs 19
with Notebook 19, 20
with REPL  19
Julia data structure
operations 103
setting 102, 103
Julia data structure, operations
array 103, 104
broadcasting 108
dictionaries 104
ﬁlter 107
map 105
reduce 106
sets 104, 105
tuples 104
Julia functions
arguments 54
body 54
function-end keyword 51, 52
return statement 55
revisiting 51
writing 58
JuliaHub
using 423, 424
Julia language
about 6-9
features 9, 10
for data analysis 10, 11
IDEs, working with 18
installing 17
limitations 13
setting up 17
terminal session, running 18
use cases 12, 13
Julia package manager
about 20
project environment 20-22
REPL  mode, working 22, 23
Julia system type
about 58-61
data type 70-73
hierarchy 62-70
K
key value mapping 97-101
keyword ar gument
about 56
closed 176
nbins 176
K-means clustering 326
Kullback-Leibler diver gence 161
L
L1dist() function 158
L2dist() function 158
language frameworks
about 234
dplyr , comparing with 235
pandas, comparing with 234
Lasso regularization 363
learning curves
about 363
creating 363
interpreting 363, 364
using, to improve models 364
linear regression 326
line plot 131
Linfdist function 159
local invocations
in distributed computing 445, 446
logistic regression 326
loops 45-47
M
machine learning
about 4, 307
need for 306, 307
reinforcement learning 307
supervised learning 307
unsupervised learning 307
Machine Learning in Julia (MLJ)
2D data handling 311-313
about 308
built-in performance measure 358
custom performance measure 358
data containers 310
data handling 309, 310
key features 308, 309
key goals 309
machines 355, 356
model evaluation measure 358, 359
model performance, evaluating 359, 360
model tuning 360
performance measure 357
regularization 362
scientiﬁc types of data 310-315
macroexpand function 84
Macros
using 80-85
main module 77
Manhattan distance 158
map 105
map and loops 441, 442
matrix-variate probability distribution 200-202
maxad function 160
mean 150
meanad function 160
median 150
melting 249
missing data
about 239
handling 139, 140
in DataFrames 239
missing values
in Julia 240-243
mixture models
in Distributions.jl 202-205
MLJ.jl 210
MLJ.jl model interface
about 338, 339
feature importance 350
ﬁt method 347
model representation 339, 340
predict method 347-349
probability distribution model 352
serialization 353
supervised model 341, 342
training losses 349
transform method 352
update method 350, 351
user-deﬁned model 342, 343
MLJ transformers
used, for data preprocessing 334, 335
mode 151
model composition 356, 357
model loading 331-333
model matching 329, 330
model queries 328, 329
models
about 325
supervised learning model 325
unsupervised learning model 325
model search 327, 328
model tuning
about 360
Bayesian optimization 361
Grid search 360
Random search 360
module subtyping
example 109, 110
msd function 159
multiple dispatch 73, 75
multithreading
about 408, 409
atomic operations 415, 416
Auto Threads, specifying 410
concurrent execution 408
content switching 409
ﬁnalizers, using 421
limitations 419
parallelism, versus concurrency 408
per-ﬁeld atomics 417
shared memory 408
side ef fects 418, 419
task migration 420, 421
@threadcall macro 419, 420
threads 408
thread safety 409
@threads macro 415
with Command Line Argument 409
with Environment Variable 410
worker processes, propagating 410
multivariate probability distribution 199, 200
MyClassiﬁer classiﬁer 346
O
observational estimation
in data analysis 175, 176
outlier detection and treatment
in data analysis 156
overlaid histogram 298, 299
P
parallel computation
about 399
distributed computing 400
GPU programming 400
parallel computing libraries 400
shared-memory parallelism 400
parallel computing
advantages 398
approach 399
parallelism
versus concurrency 408
parameter retrieval 188
partial correlation 166
passing ar gument
in Julia 57
per-ﬁeld atomics
about 417
key points 417
pivoting 248
Plots.jl
about 210
bar plot 131
histogram 131
line plot 131
scatter plot 131
Plots.jl histograms
2D histogram 300-302
about 293-295
cumulative histogram 299, 300
overlaid histogram 298, 299
stacked histogram 297, 298
weighted histogram 295-297
Plots.jl package
about 272-277
installing 273
recipes 286
scatter plot 279-281
subplots 284, 285
PooledV ector 253
positional ar gument 55
posterior distribution
about 371, 372
calculating 370, 371
predict method
about 347-349
example 348
Principal Component Analysis (PCA) 326
probabilistic classiﬁers
types 345
probabilistic regressor 344-346
probability
about 182
Bayes' theorem 183
conditional probability 182
estimating 192, 193
joint probability 183
probability distribution
ﬁtting 205, 206
probability distribution model 352
probability package
in Julia 183, 184
processes
managing 435, 436
project environment
bound mutable variable, versus copy mutable variable 37-39
compound expression 47
conditional evaluation 40-42
handling 24-26
loops 45-47
numerical data handling, in Julia 26-32
variable names, in Julia 36, 37
variables, declaring 32-35
proportionmap() function 164
proportions() function 163
Python
integration 110-113
Q
quantiles 154, 155
Query .jl package 232, 233
R
random forests 326
Random search 360
range 151
Raw Data
used, for drawing correlation 4, 5
recipes
in Plots.jl package 286
reduce 106
regression data 316-318
regularization
about 362
Lasso regularization 363
Ridge regularization 363
reinforcement learning 307
remote references
concept 442, 443
Ridge regularization 363
R language
integration 113, 114
rmsd function 160
S
sampling 189
sampling method 161, 164
scatter plot
about 131
in Plots.jl package 279-281
scientiﬁc types
about 310
examples 310
serialization 353
series types 279
sets 104, 105
shared array
about 447, 448
example 448, 449
Split-Apply-Combine (SAC) strategy
about 262
in DataFrame 262-268
sqL2dist function 159
stacked histogram 297, 298
stack function 251
stacking 249
standard deviation 152
standard score 156
state multitasking model 433
statistical function
in data analysis 172-174
statistics 3, 4
statistics computation 190, 191
statistics module 148
StatsBase.jl
distance method 158
StatsBase module 172
StatsModels.jl 210
Statsplots.jl recipes
examples 287-289
using 286
string
functions 132-134
regular expression 137, 138
temporal data 138
Text File, reading 134, 135
Text String, splitting 135-137
working with 132
subplots
in Plots.jl package 284, 285
subtypes() function 67
summary statistics 155
supertypes() function 65
supervised learning 307
supervised learning model
about 325
decision trees 326
linear regression 326
logistic regression 326
random forests 326
Support Vector Machines (SVMs) 326
supervised model
about 341
types 341
Support Vector Machines (SVMs) 326
Synthetic Data
categorical data 318
categorical data, handling 319
categories, tracking 321, 322
data preparation 323
data scientiﬁc type for categorical data 320
data scientiﬁc type for categorical data, changing 320, 321
generating 315, 316
regression data 316-318
weights 325
T
task migration 420, 421
task operations
about 402
@async macro 403
task completion 403
task creation 402
task execution 403
task scheduling 403, 405
yieldto function 404
task scheduling 405
taxicab distance 158
temporal data
about 138
handling 140-142
methods 142
missing data, handling 139, 140
packages 141, 142
TextAnalysis package 130
threadpools
about 411, 412
communication and synchronization 412, 413
default threadpool 411
interactive threadpool 411
multiple threadpool 411
@threads macro 413
time-series data 138
TimeSeries package 142
TimeZones package 142
training losses 349
transform method 352
truncated probability distribution
about 197
versus censored probability distribution 198
t-SNE 327
tuned models
evaluating 361
tuple data structure
in Julia 94-96
tuples 104
Turing.jl
about 383
key features 383, 384
type hierarchy 186, 187
U
univariate probability distribution 195, 196
unstack function 251
unsupervised learning 307
unsupervised learning model
about 325
autoencoders 326
Gaussian Mixture Models (GMMs) 326
K-means clustering 326
Principal Component Analysis (PCA) 326
t-SNE 327
update method 350, 351
user-deﬁned model
deterministic regressor 343, 344
probabilistic regressor 344-346
V
variables
in distributed computing 438-440
scope 49
variance 151, 165
vector
sorting 244, 245
W
weighted histogram 295-297
weighted mean 150
weighted sum 150
weights
revisiting 333, 334
Y
yieldto function
about 404, 405
current_task 404
istaskdone 404
istaskstarted 404
task_local_storage 404
Z
Z-score 156