
lH 
3056039 

a 
DRILL EACLE LISRARY ee a, % & me % 
MED wel 

Digitized by the Internet Archive 
in 2022 with funding from 
Kahle/Austin Foundation 
https://archive.org/details/appliedpredictivOO0O0kuhn 

Applied Predictive Modeling 


Nt ed ee Nt 
Max Kuhn « Kjell Johnson 
Applied Predictive Modeling 
Pa, i jas 
A) 
Ly / c 
bw f e 
ef ‘ af! 
. % i @ 
Y , \ et 
Q) Springer 

Max Kuhn Kjell Johnson 
Division of Nonclinical Statistics Arbor Analytics 
Pfizer Global Research and Saline, Michigan, USA 
Development 
Groton, Connecticut, USA 
ISBN 978-1-4614-6848-6 ISBN 978-1-4614-6849-3 (eBook) 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3 
Springer New York Heidelberg Dordrecht London 
Library of Congress Control Number: 2013933452 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 
This work is subject to copyright. All rights are reserved by the Publisher, whether the 
whole or part of the material is concerned, specifically the rights of translation, reprinting, 
reuse of illustrations, recitation, broadcasting, reproduction on microfilms or in any other 
physical way, and transmission or information storage and retrieval, electronic adaptation, 
computer software, or by similar or dissimilar methodology now known or hereafter devel- 
oped. Exempted from this legal reservation are brief excerpts in connection with reviews 
or scholarly analysis or material supplied specifically for the purpose of being entered and 
executed on a computer system, for exclusive use by the purchaser of the work. Duplication 
of this publication or parts thereof is permitted only under the provisions of the Copyright 
Law of the Publisher’s location, in its current version, and permission for use must always 
be obtained from Springer. Permissions for use may be obtained through RightsLink at 
the Copyright Clearance Center. Violations are liable to prosecution under the respective 
Copyright Law. 
The use of general descriptive names, registered names, trademarks, service marks, etc. 
in this publication does not imply, even in the absence of a specific statement, that such 
names are exempt from the relevant protective laws and regulations and therefore free for 
general use. 
While the advice and information in this book are believed to be true and accurate at the 
date of publication, neither the authors nor the editors nor the publisher can accept any 
legal responsibility for any errors or omissions that may be made. The publisher makes no 
warranty, express or implied, with respect to the material contained herein. 
Printed on acid-free paper 
Springer is part of Springer Science+Business Media (www.springer.com) 

Py + 
To our families: 
Miranda and Stefan 
Valerie, Truman, and baby Gideon 

LE Smee #7 MEDS 
2 vis ad 
67 

This is a book on data analysis with a specific focus on the practice of 
predictive modeling. Lhe term predictive modeling may stir associations such 
as machine learning, pattern recognition, and data mining. Indeed, these as- 
sociations are appropriate and the methods implied by these terms are an 
integral piece of the predictive modeling process. But predictive modeling 
encompasses much more than the tools and techniques for uncovering pat- 
terns within data. The practice of predictive modeling defines the process of 
developing a model in a way that we can understand and quantify the model’s 
prediction accuracy on future, yet-to-be-seen data. The entire process is the 
focus of this book. 
We intend this work to be a practitioner’s guide to the predictive mod- 
eling process and a place where one can come to learn about the approach 
and to gain intuition about the many commonly used and modern, powerful 
models. A host of statistical and mathematical techniques are discussed, but 
our motivation in almost every case is to describe the techniques in a way 
that helps develop intuition for its strengths and weaknesses instead of its 
mathematical genesis and underpinnings. For the most part we avoid complex 
equations, although there are a few necessary exceptions. For more theoret- 
ical treatments of predictive modeling, we suggest Hastie et al. (2008) and 
Bishop (2006). For this text, the reader should have some knowledge of basic 
statistics, including variance, correlation, simple linear regression, and basic 
hypothesis testing (e.g. p-values and test statistics). 
The predictive modeling process is inherently hands-on. But during our re- 
search for this work we found that many articles and texts prevent the reader 
from reproducing the results either because the data were not freely avail- 
able or because the software was inaccessible or only available for purchase. 
Buckheit and Donoho (1995) provide a relevant critique of the traditional 
scholarly veil: 
An article about computational science in a scientific publication is not the 
scholarship itself, it is merely advertising of the scholarship. The actual 

viii Preface 
scholarship is the complete software development environment and the com- 
plete set of instructions which generated the figures. 
Therefore, it was our goal to be as hands-on as possible, enabling the readers 
to reproduce the results within reasonable precision as well as being able to 
naturally extend the predictive modeling approach to their own data. Fur- 
thermore, we use the R language (Ihaka and Gentleman 1996; R Development 
Core Team 2010), a freely accessible software for statistical and mathematical 
calculations, for all stages of the predictive modeling process. Almost all of 
the example data sets are available in R packages. The AppliedPredictiveMod- 
eling R package contains many of the data sets used, here as well as R scripts 
to reproduce the analyses in each chapter. 
We selected R as the computational engine of this text for several reasons. 
First R is freely available (although commercial versions exist) for multiple op- 
erating systems. Second, it is released under the General Public License (Free 
Software Foundation June 2007), which outlines how the program can be re- 
distributed. Under this structure anyone is free to examine and modify the 
source code. Because of this open-source nature, dozens of predictive models 
have already been implemented through freely available packages. Moreover 
R contains extensive, powerful capabilities for the overall predictive modeling 
process. Readers not familiar with R can find numerous tutorials online. We 
also provide an introduction and start-up guide for R in the Appendix. 
There are a few topics that we didn’t have time and/or space to add, most 
notably: generalized additive models, ensembles of different models, network 
models, time series models, and a few others. 
There is also a web site for the book: 
http: / /appliedpredictivemodeling.com/ 
that will contain relevant information. 
This work would not have been possible without the help and men- 
toring from many individuals, including: Walter H. Carter, Jim Garrett, 
Chris Gennings, Paul Harms, Chris Keefer, William Klinger, Daijin Ko, Rich 
Moore, David Neuhouser, David Potter, David Pyne, William Rayens, Arnold 
Stromberg, and Thomas Vidmar. We would also like to thank Ross Quinlan 
for his help with Cubist and C5.0 and vetting our descriptions of the two. At 
Springer, we would like to thank Marc Strauss and Hannah Bracken as well as 
the reviewers: Vini Bonato, Thomas Miller, Ross Quinlan, Eric Siegel, Stan 
Young, and an anonymous reviewer. Lastly, we would like to thank our fam- 
ilies for their support: Miranda Kuhn, Stefan Kuhn, Bobby Kuhn, Robert 
Kuhn, Karen Kuhn, and Mary Ann Kuhn; Warren and Kay Johnson; and 
Valerie and Truman Johnson. 
Groton, CT, USA Max Kuhn 
Saline, MI, USA Kjell Johnson 

Contents 
VERO CUCL OM ee er oe Me ey cath et as. 5. 8 cane an eae TE 
IO “Prediction: Versus Intenpreraviom: 2.0.2.3... 8ea5e ene uat sae. 
2 “Key Ingredients of Predictive Models) oo ac scene cease us 
em Cie IMMER ONO Se yae Acetone he ecres er enino es i emis Pca aattans ia eacgee ac ae 
1.4 Example Data Sets and Typical Data Scenarios ............ 
PAS GES 15 eae ee a Se a ae YD Oe NE a etme Wr ati “serie 
DCs (iE) 5 (ct aa ae pre 0, OR ar en a cgay ee nice en 
Part I General Strategies 
2 A Short Tour of the Predictive Modeling Process......... 
2.0 Case Study: Predicting Puel Economy «2... 2c. es Page ms 
Dr ran EU eage sag SaRA Ga EEE GES OE ee Rea Nee eh 
Po oy ae SVEN NTN Eh Kate a Aah nee ite gar cee MAL Gd GT Oe eg kn or hs algh ag 
Ag aie VORP TOCe ssh ay 64 cit, tore ents eae a eo Mie Oe eA made eraie 
3.1 Case Study: Cell Segmentation in High-Content Screening .. . 
a2 Data lransiormations tor Individual Predictors.............- 
5.0 Wats Pranstormations for Multiple Predictors .... 5.26.6 <..0. 
aA) Peano Witt SSIS VAISS ce eke set saw au am alas cual qu 
Dor + CMMCKER De  CEONOUOLE a0 vcce cuore Oa a Le ol hia app ite waaeeea un 
SeGe i wOalanior ly HOGICGONGa, tuakd wine vitae den Gthino ute Taree esses eid aio 
So Ste TOGIGU ORG hn aie tee. eelthie de cles es adore Rolin Os aay wig. aee 
Se Ae ISS gO 0101/2 a aro EEN Eee ORS a aaa a eae etT ae ete aT: 
IE XCHGISCS att ee PAe aerate as aig hari ee ee ESL re aces ones 
Over-Piiting and Model Tumitig.... c.aes resus ie cts 
A Ee Promlemoah Cera Iitiae . toy ef caea on tein A sins hoes oe ee 
A SOC UmMane eer eae Aseria © caudate a tan Ainteraral 520 okey cine 
Baye ALS COU MAGE Meee ee ee eer need fone ech chet po aac sh re ae outtayrer cnet 
LAS Resaraipling Vechmioues. soe «vo alee ve aise orcs Se eee area leare 

Contents 
A (Case Siu ya red tivo COL: 6s naod, nhs eet eee eee 73 
Ae (Choosing Minale Minis Parameterg inne. tc. rags inky sae 74 
Act ‘Data splitting Necomimendations.,. + .<aiigcoe scae cee 77 
Aas (Choosing between IMOUCIs .. 0.5.6 esa dan sic e ee oe anne 78 
ARO METIS ee) ices os ata ge ck ig ees eae ee ene 80 
| OP RSS OS Oh en RR ie Gra ne te ea 8 ratio thal PS ot a 89 
Part II Regression Models 
5 Measuring Performance in Regression Models ............ 95 
5.1 Quantitative Measures of Performance ..:...............4: 95 
Rie hie -Vaniamee- bins LPAGeeOhi oe sca. & Sd dean es abe» ee Oe 97 
Dee OMNI kee une ety 1 aimee ene One ce oe en oe eee SO 98 
Linear Regression and Its: Cousins] 2 ...22200%< 2052420.4 5. 101 
6.1 Case Study: Quantitative Structure-Activity Relationship 
IVA AUIGRO Me en pene Sate ere aa tey Preemie = eter ci ac Pe acres. tyson dae, 102 
Giz: Apieaegnessron sacs towne ote era en ae ey ee haves ae 105 
Gods MPariial bedeti Squares: a eset tcit: Samet en nk Seiya WA 
O Abe Penalized Ni@delst tinnc sire ace oe cee Ee mace Catena 122 
(COMME: Sxci8 4) W01) SN 0 (CA RERe am i MeEneie IP St arer ey MC rai 1). cc metry ipvber ch, alan 128 
BPRONCISEST. ag etc acl LES ei oe Ic re He eee a an a ES A 137 
Nonlinear Regression Models. 4.032 ise og a ne ee 141 
roll: (AN@tuiral Netnyailes: beak 3, Cie agi eh on Bue eral, cone dene 141 
7.2 Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines.................. 145 
io SUpport Veckor Wie Cinnes 3s «inca tks 2 eee eee esl 
toh ie Nearest NeimnbGrs:. is. ls: can Seas 3 sale teeta ts ceoeae Meee 159 
Te, AG OM UNCUT alae cede, Met ec akon cad x shane MON es Sone ee een Tn eae 161 
PUR OR OISOS: hve ve tice. etree w aycay a hgabavare ache eee cate teat iene 168 
Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models................. 163 
Subs abasic Remressiom Ness. ss ateshc gus ve ea GRR A ee hes 15 
G2) Regressiom Modell Trees 4. :.c.<s0 auc ac a avae Arua eee eee 184 
S.3° Rule-Based Models...) 20 ererar 5 oe ae i eee 190 
Grd Bae ced reese ae: oan Bese ain gtd soe Reh ieee cea 192 
Slot. adi orm ROresher. echo 2 1a eens een beget eee 198 
OG SUROMe i IEIe sas, 0, eee utaecha roe eaten Ra ac? eB is 0 203 
Oo MO UURTS yo), SAN eat rretacrr ct cin i tea ep torre Ao 208 
SNe ACORN sia Pipsase, ys ac tees © epee anion dea ee eee 212 
EEEnCISOS) a ras ee Avi epee ae eee ane Oe tt RT CT ee tree 218 

Contents xi 
9 
10 A Summary of Solubility Models ......................... 221 
Case Study: Compressive Strength of Concrete 
NET Gresware iid ak ies A Bae, Beene Sat tee ot tin ale 225 
IO Model: Building Sthatéaw we erinad. tree lose BD 229 
UO Modelk Pertogmiainte: 24 ga Satta, Acland ws ets UME ek an 230 
103 Optimizing: Compressive Strengtin .." 21.20. ees Zoe 
LOTASG ommpiaaneens © Uk Pe Bi cra on CE ee ee 236 
Part III Classification Models 
11 
12 
13 
14 Measuring Performance in Classification Models.......... 247 
NST es se ererlichtOne mi ae a weree biota een + Oe er ea ay ae 247 
Li 2 Bivaliatine rredicted(lastedi:.« 2/55 sax hws 2a eons aka 204 
ihe Evaluating Olass!Probabilitiess,. as-csd... oui ak ee 262 
CAPS Oru CUI ean, Pee. eat Seed Meera alee xed MER eee 266 
Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification 
ING sia. .2.42 iss: tetas Soa Sep ee het AND eee, oe 2795 
12.1 Case Study: Predicting Successful Grant Applications....... 210 
7 Omiaieeier ress OMe oc delice twigs GA ag dt aan Bonk ARI me 282 
I2.o ines Disenitiminant Analysis (2 .c.4 acne aaa eee een aes s 287 
12.4 Partial Least Squares Discriminant Analysis ............... 297 
io Penance iMiodels accj teem alice cureeetl ne oe eet ne rake ete cual > 302 
IZ OrNeaiest surin ken Cemtroids) 25. cad ewele es 2cakwoes aug hae cen 306 
Wee COREL NINN pate, aver ae. oe eae Seen ROP LARD. h. Wtene eee a 308 
POM ONS EJ Amn a uid dcbits msl, mee beer OY eI PE ME PD NE ER te ha 326 
Nonlinear Classification Models........................... 329 
iS Wominear Discriminant AmvelyMS,. cut «4 4 ws ielene monde ae cea Oe 
Seale atl NSW OMe Caress teehee doin a AGE ata ics. Ushe cee eee ee ce 
13.2 Biexible Discrimmmariy Analyser c:2. tence cece ns sen eed BOO 
13:4 Support Vector Machines yas i222. 4 A ee tis oe, 343 
por UsaNearest INGICMDOnSe® 4G Peet lies Cera eae ee te OOO 
Loar IVa VCS fs ae dette 2 Pine eee ee toa es oe Gee sarees OND 
Porn oompiihigta rae ene hea ue teat Ag ee men Os Ae One eS 
PONGISER LISA aoe elas ceo ER TEE AAR Dene ee eee See 366 
Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models .............. 369 
ba Basie Ol eesimcetiot LECES i sass. acne moat calne Maleaaetese ata 370 
14D Feiles Based NIGOGEIS: mets iieldn om oid ytd Nt knadeee Ga here Bets 383 
ta Op omeg nei. Sakon ried fry wiucs «Sots alee numerator ats see 385 
PAPAL Reet OMe Orests es snemerd tice aA et veka ed eo ore Seca muavanata wer Serecuh caps 386 
LAT MS OO SEUNG? 2 yc tetra eeehay eon aie on aes A Misi tetera ah canon Srl 389 

xii 
15 
16 
i lrg Contents 
14.7 Comparing Two Encodings of Categorical Predictors........ 400 
BANS OTIC, re Ree a. cokes Meteor enone A eesti ieee MI ark 400 
TOXETCISESS WERE oe ae ee lee Ce re one Ee aS Re eR eterraes 411 
A Summary of Grant Application Models ................ A415 
Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance ..................... 419 
16.1 Case Study: Predicting Caravan Policy Ownership.......... 419 
Loi he wieght wo lass liaalance . 2010 acs o se vee ae a 420 
Urabe Ch Gle le nt ndA iether ease hari. creaky Sree RRS RTE alane cic nes 423 
i Aa earn he meboticn yee none een eR AMON Oia a teas eee A23 
165. AdjustinepkmorBrabapilities. . 12): oterenwe eth acd hs ee 426 
6r6. UneaunkGaseeWeigkts: <5... aes founda nee wae eee ak see 426 
LG amp lin aeUbOdsint a5 st. Stee arg oie nts ee ees eee 427 
LGcs: Costssencitive: taining? eine eine yk kee a ee 22 429 
GSS! AOR UNTINe acl 3 Si oeen Atta ny sceinaeee ere ey eas eta UN ete 8 435 
Has do (ear a A ee eh WN ee te A og need ty A aor gee 442 
(Case Sttid yecloprocheduling 5. 20s eee a ee 445 
lv. Data Splitting and Model Stratéeey 1 ¢aisnee ee ee os 450 
I ie ASS Soe wish eas good Pee Wrage Soy ead we ae ER ee 454 
A kw OM PUNE. EAN ae al ea os See ee ee eRe eee 457 
Part IV Other Considerations 
18 
We, Measuring Predictor Importance: ..4460%..0.42 eee e See 463 
Sal, Namen Omicarniesy Trinny a tea. sd ate ee Ie cs 464 
LS? Caves onicaliOupcomes’. 22). fan inc ge kee > Soles OA 468 
Loo Other Approaches... . 7c pauses eno ate ee eee cose A72 
LS Com pumme iia asks eens Sn en ae ee ee AT8 
CERISE Gs Sapo S. kan hetenaa ahs Aye g weere Sou eveuk nee (Ae ee 484 
An Introduction to Feature Selection ..................... A87 
19.1 Consequences of Using Non-informative Predictors.......... 488 
19.2 Approaches for Reducing the Number of Predictors ......... 490 
LOLS: Wir per viebinods: «+. 9 ch.0% wa cea uteiaid orate age 491 
ile IR od aes, aw iciaye aie bee aoe ec Aho eae oa ee ee 499 
OD) DELOCUIOm LIAS shan: Hoe Monae maint ric bo ghee: Slat ie ete ak RS 500 
19.6 Case Study: Predicting Cognitive Impairment ............. 502 
POT Coo mapuiuhing ysis 4ar 0 cele ala ee Oe eet, Seen eee ay A 
EERORCISCStay pte Pine wer oy oe, Perce ee ee a OER tee ee ee elie coe! OP 518 

Contents xii 
20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance ............. O21 
DO bye ME LOLS? 52 grat aibes pa aris Gad ea mere ee ee 522 
20.2 Measurement Error in the Outcome................-.0-00- 524 
20.3 Measurement Error in the Predictors....................5. O27 
2).4 Discretiziog Continuous Outcomes... <c.66 fous ces nk ne eee 531 
20.5 When Should You Trust Your Model’s Prediction?.......... O34 
20:6: The dmipset of albarge Samples... ko ks erate ae eee te 538 
ZO TC OLDE Ok nha prod n Ge a eine hed ec Ce ee 541 
CGR OLS OGi aire oy Phar ena he IM can wk tee Ae che en Seat ta ain mc eye eR 542 
Appendix 
A} A; ommimary of Various Modelst2)3).05 cosas on aoa ee 549 
Bo 2A Mane POC metyOmi ll Rs Mieco tte nerd ths rts oe AG ome eee & 551 
Dale souartaw pretid Mettler Mae) Dis ns hein cs aun ose Bias on ee 551 
ye oF ME ICAR Gs waters. gen al RNa t neete Qed ap Seda ate Suan eas eh ccd 552 
mae TEN TM) ON] TEES ge Sr Bhi Jn ea ag yey cies) op way Os ne Ree ee Do 
BA] Data ypes cmd Isasic SerwChUmeS 2 co sculiw ah «cian aes ecu 4a bod 
5.3. Working with, Reetaneular Data. Sets ....<..4 ieee de ogee 598 
Pre AO myeens ran ae lacaecs, “<0 Se wae my dob y sce cti a ekv eu yeu quceths te 560 
ya ste ETC ULOUS fs tar oR dace ta chet ge ee cg MNO Ae al a nee eae 561 
Pe Soe ie Pek MA CEa iON ares! tae sacra «Rema tsisroet arc al suntcl Al simone Ge 562 
B.9 The AppliedPredictiveModeling Package .................0-. 562 
ES NO Ae) Care Ce Oe ee ted eat vee eatik ore tee trewretryind Arcpde ous hun = 563 
Palblsogrvware Wised uate tits WORbs a8 sxe Caer ee. weuaioN lpia ats crent arn 6s 565 
Caste reshin@e Wy Cee IU eS eae Migr cas op roklsrin S Culihs ofnyoia te te. tik 567 
[BREE EY STI Cs ee OR oh mle SF aeah al OS ARE ie eee Near nt eee ae 569 
Indicies 
CS UrresICL Ea eee etc eer ee PN Se ate Caren Oe cra ns eee rok 
Creer ale Je ai, OO ai tds GNP Pee ed oe tees See OED 


Chapter 1 
Introduction . 
Every day people are faced with questions such as “What route should I take 
to work today?” “Should I switch to a different cell phone carrier?” “How 
should I invest my money?” or “Will I get cancer?” These questions indicate 
our desire to know future events, and we earnestly want to make the best 
decisions towards that future. 
We usually make decisions based on information. In some cases we have 
tangible, objective data, such as the morning traffic or weather report. Other 
times we use intuition and experience like “I should avoid the bridge this 
morning because it usually gets bogged down when it snows” or “I should 
have a PSA test because my father got prostate cancer.” In either case, we 
are predicting future events given the information and experience we currently 
have, and we are making decisions based on those predictions. 
As information has become more readily available via the internet and 
media, our desire to use this information to help us make decisions has in- 
tensified. And while the human brain can consciously and subconsciously 
assemble a vast amount of data, it cannot process the even greater amount of 
easily obtainable, relevant information for the problem at hand. To aid in our 
decision-making processes, we now turn to tools like Google to filter billions of 
web pages to find the most appropriate information for our queries, WebMD 
to diagnose our illnesses based on our symptoms, and E*TRADE to screen 
thousands of stocks and identify the best investments for our portfolios. 
These sites, as well as many others, use tools that take our current informa- 
tion, sift through data looking for patterns that are relevant to our problem, 
and return answers. The process of developing these kinds of tools has evolved 
throughout a number of fields such as chemistry, computer science, physics, 
and statistics and has been called “machine learning,” “artificial intelligence,” 
“pattern recognition,” “data mining,” “predictive analytics,” and “knowledge 
discovery.” While each field approaches the problem using different perspec- 
tives and tool sets, the ultimate objective is the same: to make an accurate 
prediction. For this book, we will pool these terms into the commonly used 
phrase predictive modeling. 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 1 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_1, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2018 

2 1 Introduction 
Geisser (1993) defines predictive modeling as “the process by which a model 
is created or chosen to try to best predict the probability of an outcome.” We 
tweak this definition slightly: 
Predictive modeling: the process of developing a mathematical tool or model 
that generates an accurate prediction 
Steve Levy of Wired magazine recently wrote of the increasing presence of 
predictive models (Levy 2010), “Examples [of artificial intelligence] can be 
found everywhere: The Google global machine uses AI to interpret cryptic 
human queries. Credit card companies use it to track fraud. Netflix uses it to 
recommend movies to subscribers. And the financial system uses it to handle 
billions of trades (with only the occasional meltdown).” Examples of the types 
of questions one would like to predict are: 
How many copies will this book sell? 
Will this customer move their business to a different company? 
How much will my house sell for in the current market? 
Does a patient have a specific disease? 
Based on past choices, which movies will interest this viewer? 
Should I sell this stock? 
Which people should we match in our online dating service? 
Is an e-mail spam? 
Will this patient respond to this therapy? 
Insurance companies, as another example, must predict the risks of po- 
tential auto, health, and life policy holders. This information is then used to 
determine if an individual will receive a policy, and if so, at what premium. 
Like insurance companies, governments also seek to predict risks, but for the 
purpose of protecting their citizens. Recent examples of governmental predic- 
tive models include biometric models for identifying terror suspects, models of 
fraud detection (Westphal 2008), and models of unrest and turmoil (Shacht- 
man 2011). Even a trip to the grocery store or gas station [everyday places 
where our purchase information is collected and analyzed in an attempt to 
understand who we are and what we want (Duhigg 2012)] brings us into the 
predictive modeling world, and we’re often not even aware that we’ve entered 
it. Predictive models now permeate our existence. 
While predictive models guide us towards more satisfying products, better 
medical treatments, and more profitable investments, they regularly generate 
inaccurate predictions and provide the wrong answers. For example, most of 
us have not received an important e-mail due to a predictive model (a.k.a. 
e-mail filter) that incorrectly identified the message as spam. Similarly, pre- 
dictive models (a.k.a. medical diagnostic models) misdiagnose diseases, and 
predictive models (a.k.a. financial algorithms) erroneously buy and sell stocks 
predicting profits when, in reality, finding losses. This final example of pre- 
dictive models gone wrong affected many investors in 2010. Those who follow 
the stock market are likely familiar with the “flash crash” on May 6, 2010, 

1 Introduction 3 
in which the market rapidly lost more than 600 points, then immediately 
regained those points. After months of investigation, the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission identified 
an erroneous algorithmic model as the cause of the crash (U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission and U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission 
2010). 
Stemming in part from the flash crash and other failures of predictive 
models, Rodriguez (2011) writes, “Predictive modeling, the process by which a 
model is created or chosen to try to best predict the probability of an outcome 
has lost credibility as a forecasting tool.” He hypothesizes that predictive 
models regularly fail because they do not account for complex variables such 
as human behavior. Indeed, our abilities to predict or make decisions are 
constrained by our present and past knowledge and are affected by factors 
that we have not considered. These realities are limits of any model, yet these 
realities should not prevent us from seeking to improve our process and build 
better models. 
There are a number of common reasons why predictive models fail, and we 
address each of these in subsequent chapters. The common culprits include (1) 
inadequate pre-processing of the data, (2) inadequate model validation, (3) 
unjustified extrapolation (e.g., application of the model to data that reside in 
a space which the model has never seen), or, most importantly, (4) over-fitting 
the model to the existing data. Furthermore, predictive modelers often only 
explore relatively few models when searching for predictive relationships. This 
is usually due to either modelers’ preference for, knowledge of, or expertise 
in, only a few models or the lack of available software that would enable them 
to explore a wide range of techniques. 
This book endeavors to help predictive modelers produce reliable, trust- 
worthy models by providing a step-by-step guide to the model building pro- 
cess and to provide intuitive knowledge-of a wide range of common models. 
The objectives of this book are to provide: 
e Foundational principles for building predictive models 
e Intuitive explanations of many commonly used predictive modeling meth- 
ods for both classification and regression problems 
e Principles and steps for validating a predictive model 
e Computer code to perform the necessary foundational work to build and 
validate predictive models 
To illustrate these principles and methods, we will use a diverse set of 
real-world examples ranging from finance to pharmaceutical which we de- 
scribe in detail in Sect. 1.4. But before describing the data, we first explore a 
reality that confronts predictive modeling techniques: the trade-off between 
prediction and interpretation. 

4 1 Introduction 
1.1 Prediction Versus Interpretation 
For the examples listed above, historical data likely exist that can be used 
to create a mathematical tool to predict future, unseen cases. Furthermore, 
the foremost objective of these examples is not to understand why something 
will (or will not) occur. Instead, we are primarily interested in accurately pro- 
jecting the chances that something will (or will not) happen. Notice that the 
focus of this type of modeling is to optimize prediction accuracy. For example, 
we don’t really care why an e-mail filter thinks a message is spam. Rather, we 
only care that the filter accurately trashes spam and allows messages we care 
about to pass through to our mailbox. As another example, if I am selling a 
house, my primary interest is not how a web site (such as zillow.com) esti- 
mated its value. Instead, I am keenly interested that zillow.com has correctly 
priced the home. An undervaluation will yield lower bids and a lower sale 
price; alternatively, an overvaluation may drive away potential buyers. 
The tension between prediction and interpretation is also present in the 
medical field. For example, consider the process that a cancer patient and 
physician encounter when contemplating changing treatment therapies. There 
are many factors for the physician and patient to consider such as dosing 
schedule, potential side effects, and survival rates. However, if enough patients 
have taken the alternative therapy, then data could be collected on these 
patients related to their disease, treatment history, and demographics. Also, 
laboratory tests could be collected related to patients’ genetic background or 
other biological data (e.g., protein measurements). Given their outcome, a 
predictive model could be created to predict the response to the alternative 
therapy based on these data. The critical question for the doctor and patient 
is a prediction of how the patient will react to a change in therapy. Above 
all, this prediction needs to be accurate. If a model is created to make this 
prediction, it should not be constrained by the requirement of interpretability. 
A strong argument could be made that this would be unethical. As long as 
the model can be appropriately validated, it should not matter whether it is 
a black box or a simple, interpretable model. 
While the primary interest of predictive modeling is to generate accurate 
predictions, a secondary interest may be to interpret the model and under- 
stand why it works. The unfortunate reality is that as we push towards higher 
accuracy, models become more complex and their interpretability becomes 
more difficult. This is almost always the trade-off we make when prediction 
accuracy is the primary goal. 

1.2 Key Ingredients of Predictive Models 5 
1.2 Key Ingredients of Predictive Models 
The colloquial examples thus far have illustrated that data, in fact very large 
data sets, can now be easily generated in an attempt to answer almost any 
type of research question. Furthermore, free or relatively inexpensive model 
building software such as JMP, WEKA, and many packages in R, as well as 
powerful personal computers, make it relatively easy for anyone with some 
computing knowledge to begin to develop predictive models. But as Rodriguez 
(2011) accurately points out, the credibility of model building has weakened 
especially as the window to data access and analysis tools has widened. 
As we will see throughout this text, if a predictive signal exists in a set 
of data, many models will find some degree of that signal regardless of the 
technique or care placed in developing the model. Naive model application 
can therefore be effective to an extent; as the saying goes, “even a blind 
squirrel finds a nut.” But the best, most predictive models are fundamentally 
influenced by a modeler with expert knowledge and context of the prob- 
lem. This expert knowledge should first be applied in obtaining relevant data 
for the desired research objectives. While vast databases of information can 
be used as substrate for constructing predictions, irrelevant information can 
drive down predictive performance of many models. Subject-specific knowl- 
edge can help separate potentially meaningful information from irrelevant 
information, eliminating detrimental noise and strengthening the underlying 
signal. Undesirable, confounding signal may also exist in the data and may 
not be able to be identified without expert knowledge. As an extreme example 
of misleading signal and the need for an expert understanding of the problem, 
consider the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s Adverse Event Reporting 
System database which provides information on millions of reported occur- 
rences of drugs and their reported side effects. Obvious biases abound in this 
collection of data; for example, a search on a drug for treating nausea may re- 
flect that a large proportion of the patients using the treatment had leukemia. 
An uninformed analysis may identify leukemia as a potential side effect of the 
drug. The more likely explanation is that the subjects were taking the nausea 
medication to mitigate the side effects of the cancer therapy. This may be 
intuitively obvious, but clearly the availability of large quantities of records 
is not a protection against an uninformed use of the data. 
Ayres (2007) extensively studies the interplay between expert opinion and 
empirical, data-driven models makes two important observations bolstering 
the need for problem-specific knowledge. Firstly, 
“In the end, [predictive modeling] is not a substitute for intuition, but rather a 
complement” 
Simply put, neither data-driven models nor the expert relying solely on in- 
tuition will do better than a combination of the two. Secondly, 
“Traditional experts make better decisions when they are provided with the 
results of statistical prediction. Those who cling to the authority of traditional 

6 1 Introduction 
experts tend to embrace the idea of combining the two forms of ‘knowledge’ by 
giving the experts ‘statistical support’ ... Humans usually make better predic- 
tions when they are provided with the results of statistical prediction.” 
In some cases, such as spam detection, it may be acceptable to let computers 
do most of the thinking. When the consequences are more serious, such as 
predicting patient response, a combined approach often leads to better results. 
To summarize, the foundation of an effective predictive model is laid with 
intuition and deep knowledge of the problem context, which are entirely vi- 
tal for driving decisions about model development. That process begins with 
relevant data, another key ingredient. The third ingredient is a versatile com- 
putational toolbox which includes techniques for data pre-processing and vi- 
sualization as well as a suite of modeling tools for handling a range of possible 
scenarios such as those that are described in Table 1.1. 
1.3 Terminology 
As previously noted, “predictive modeling” is one of the many names that 
refers to the process of uncovering relationships within data for predicting 
some desired outcome. Since many scientific domains have contributed to 
this field, there are synonyms for different entities: 
e The terms sample, data point, observation, or instance refer to a single, 
independent unit of data, such as a customer, patient, or compound. 
The term sample can also refer to a subset of data points, such as the 
training set sample. The text will clarify the appropriate context when 
this term is used. 
e The training set consists of the data used to develop models while the test 
or validation sets are used solely for evaluating the performance of a final 
set of candidate models. 
e The predictors, independent variables, attributes, or descriptors are the 
data used as input for the prediction equation. 
e Outcome, dependent variable, target, class, or response refer to the outcome 
event or quantity that is being predicted. 
e Continuous data have natural, numeric scales. Blood pressure, the cost of 
an item, or the number of bathrooms are all continuous. In the last case, 
the counts cannot be a fractional number, but is still treated as continuous 
data. 
e Categorical data, otherwise known as nominal, attribute, or discrete data. 
take on specific values that have no scale. Credit status (“good” or “bad”) 
or color (“red,” “blue,” etc.) are examples of these data. 
e Model building, model training, and parameter estimation all refer to the 
process of using data to determine values of model equations. 

1.4 Example Data Sets and Typical Data Scenarios Tl 
1.4 Example Data Sets and Typical Data Scenarios 
In later chapters, case studies are used to illustrate techniques. Before pro- 
ceeding, it may be instructive to briefly explore a few examples of predictive 
modeling problems and the types of data used to solve them. The focus here is 
on the diversity of the problems as well as the characteristics of the collected 
data. Several example data sets originate from machine learning competi- 
tions, which provide real-world problems with an (often monetary) incentive 
for providing the best solution. Such competitions have a long history in 
predictive modeling and have greatly stimulated the field. 
Music Genre 
This data set was published as a contest data set on the TunedIT web 
site (http://tunedit.org/challenge/music-retrieval/genres). In this competi- 
tion, the objective was to develop a predictive model for classifying music 
into six categories. In total, there were 12,495 music samples for which 191 
characteristics were determined. The response categories were not balanced 
(Fig. 1.1), with the smallest segment coming from the heavy metal category 
(7%) and the largest coming from the classical category (28%). All predic- 
tors were continuous; many were highly correlated and the predictors spanned 
different scales of measurement. This data collection was created using 60 per- 
formers from which 15-20 pieces of music were selected for each performer. 
Then 20 segments of each piece were parameterized in order to create the 
final data set. Hence, the samples are inherently not independent of each 
other. 
3000 
2000 
= | = 
Blues Classical Jazz Metal Pop Rock 
Genre Frequency 
Fig. 1.1: The frequency distribution of genres in the music data 

8 1 Introduction 
Grant Applications 
This data set was also published for a competition on the Kaggle web site 
(http://www.kaggle.com). For this competition, the objective was to develop 
a predictive model for the probability of success of a grant application. The 
historical database consisted of 8,707 University of Melbourne grant appli- 
cations from 2009 and 2010 with 249 predictors. Grant status (either “un- 
successful” or “successful”) was the response and was fairly balanced (46% 
successful). The web site notes that current Australian grant success rates 
are less than 25%. Hence the historical database rates are not representative 
of Australian rates. Predictors include measurements and categories such as 
Sponsor ID, Grant Category, Grant Value Range, Research Field, and De- 
partment and were continuous, count, and categorical. Another notable char- 
acteristic of this data set is that many predictor values were missing (83%). 
Furthermore, the samples were not independent since the same grant writers 
occurred multiple times throughout the data. These data are used throughout 
the text to demonstrate different classification modeling techniques. 
We will use these data extensively throughout Chaps. 12 through 15, and a 
more detailed explanation and summary of the data can be found in Sect. 12.1. 
Hepatic Injury 
A data set from the pharmaceutical industry was used to develop a model 
for predicting compounds’ probability of causing hepatic injury (i.e., liver 
damage). This data set consisted of 281 unique compounds; 376 predictors 
were measured or computed for each. The response was categorical (either 
“does not cause injury,” “mild injury,” or “severe injury”) and was highly un- 
balanced (Fig. 1.2). This variety of response often occurs in pharmaceutical 
data because companies steer away from creating molecules that have unde- 
sirable safety characteristics. Therefore, well-behaved molecules often greatly 
outnumber undesirable molecules. The predictors consisted of measurements 
from 184 biological screens and 192 chemical feature predictors. The biolog- 
ical predictors represent activity for each screen and take values between 0 
and 10 with a mode of 4. The chemical feature predictors represent counts of 
important substructures as well as measures of physical properties that are 
thought to be associated with hepatic injury. A more extensive description 
of these types of predictors is given in Chap. 5. 
Permeability 
This pharmaceutical data set was used to develop a model for predicting com- 
pounds’ permeability. In short, permeability is the measure of a molecule’s 
ability to cross a membrane. The body, for example, has notable membranes 
between the body and brain, known as the blood-brain barrier, and between 

1.4 Example Data Sets and Typical Data Scenarios 9 
150 
= (=) oO 
Frequency 
o1 oO 
None Mild Severe 
Severity 
Fig. 1.2: Distribution of hepatic injury type 
50 
40 
30 
20 
Percent of Total 
T T 
0 10 20 30 40 50 60 
Permeability 
Fig. 1.3: Distribution of permeability values 
the gut and body in the intestines. These membranes help the body guard 
critical regions from receiving undesirable or detrimental substances. For an 
orally taken drug to be effective in the brain, it first must pass through the 
intestinal wall and then must pass through the blood-brain barrier in order 
to be present for the desired neurological target. Therefore, a compound’s 
ability to permeate relevant biological membranes is critically important to 
understand early in the drug discovery process. Compounds that appear to 
be effective for a particular disease in research screening experiments but 
appear to be poorly permeable may need to be altered in order to improve 
permeability and thus the compound’s ability to reach the desired target. 
Identifying permeability problems can help guide chemists towards better 
molecules. 

Ft athl } i< 10 | 1 Introduction 
Permeability assays such as PAMPA and Caco-2 have been developed to 
help measure compounds’ permeability (Kansy et al. 1998). These screens are 
effective at quantifying a compound’s permeability, but the assay is expen- 
sive labor intensive. Given a sufficient number of compounds that have been 
screened, we could develop a predictive model for permeability in an attempt 
to potentially reduce the need for the assay. In this project there were 165 
unique compounds; 1,107 molecular fingerprints were determined for each. 
A molecular fingerprint is a binary sequence of numbers that represents the 
presence or absence of a specific molecular substructure. The response is 
highly skewed (Fig. 1.3), the predictors are sparse (15.5% are present), and 
many predictors are strongly associated. 
Chemical Manufacturing Process 
This data set contains information about a chemical manufacturing process, 
in which the goal is to understand the relationship between the process and 
the resulting final product yield. Raw material in this process is put through 
a sequence of 27 steps to make the final pharmaceutical product. The start- 
ing material is generated from a biological unit and has a range of quality 
and characteristics. The objective in this project was to develop a model to 
predict percent yield of the manufacturing process. The data set consisted of 
177 samples of biological material for which 57 characteristics were measured. 
Of the 57 characteristics, there were 12 measurements of the biological start- 
ing material and 45 measurements of the manufacturing process. The process 
variables included measurements such as temperature, drying time, washing 
time, and concentrations of by-products at various steps. Some of the pro- 
cess measurements can be controlled, while others are observed. Predictors 
are continuous, count, categorical; some are correlated, and some contain 
missing values. Samples are not independent because sets of samples come 
from the same batch of biological starting material. 
Fraudulent Financial Statements 
Fanning and Cogger (1998) describe a data set used to predict management 
fraud for publicly traded companies. Using public data sources, such as U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission documents, the authors were able to 
identify 102 fraudulent financial statements. Given that a small percentage 
of statements are fraudulent, they chose to sample an equivalent number! 
of non-fraudulent companies, which were sampled to control for important 
factors (e.g., company size and industry type). Of these data, 150 data points 
were used to train models and the remaining 54 were used to evaluate them. 
aa A 
This "tpg of sampling is very similar to case-control studies in the medical field. 

1.4 Example Data Sets and Typical Data Scenarios Nl 
The authors started the analysis with an unidentified number of predictors 
derived from key areas, such as executive turnover rates, litigation, and debt 
structure. In the end, they used 20 predictors in their models. Examples 
include the ratio of accounts receivable to sales, the ratio of inventory to 
sales, and changes in the gross margins between years. Many of the predictor 
variables of ratios share common denominators (e.g., the ratio of accounts re- 
ceivable to sales and the ratio of inventory to sales). Although the actual data 
points were not published, there is likely to be strong correlations between 
predictors. 
From a modeling perspective, this example is interesting for several reasons. 
First, because of the large class imbalance, the frequencies of the two classes 
in the data sets were very different from the population that will be predicted 
with severe imbalances. This is a common strategy to minimize the conse- 
quences of such an imbalance and is sometimes referred to as “down-sampling” 
the data. Second, the number of possible predictors was large compared to 
the number of samples. In this situation, the selection of predictors for the 
models is delicate as there are only a small number of samples for selecting 
predictors, building models, and evaluating their performance. Later chapters 
discuss the problem of over-fitting, where trends in the training data are not 
found in other samples of the population. With a large number of predictors 
and a small number of data points, there is a risk that a relevant predictor 
found in this data set will not be reproducible. 
Comparisons Between Data Sets 
These examples illustrate characteristics that are common to most data sets. 
First, the response may be continuous or categorical, and for categorical re- 
sponses there may be more than two categories. For continuous response 
data, the distribution of the response may be symmetric (e.g., chemical man- 
ufacturing) or skewed (e.g., permeability); for categorical response data, the 
distribution may be balanced (e.g., grant applications) or unbalanced (e.g., 
music genre, hepatic injury). As we will show in Chap. 4, understanding the 
distribution of the response is critically necessary for one of the first steps in 
the predictive modeling process: splitting the data into training and testing 
sets. Understanding the response distribution will guide the modeler towards 
better ways of partitioning the data; not understanding response character- 
istics can lead to computational difficulties for certain kinds of models and 
to models that have less-than-optimal predictive ability. 
The data sets summarized in Table 1.1 also highlight characteristics of 
predictors that are universal to most data sets. Specifically, the values of pre- 
dictors may be continuous, count, and/or categorical; they may have miss- 
ing values and could be on different scales of measurement. Additionally, 
predictors within a data set may have high correlation or association, thus 
indicating that the predictor set contains numerically redundant information. 

12 1 Introduction 
Furthermore, predictors may be sparse, meaning that a majority of samples 
contain the same information while only a few contain unique information. 
Like the response, predictors can follow a symmetric or skewed distribution 
(for continuous predictors) or be balanced or unbalanced (for categorical pre- 
dictors). Lastly, predictors within a data set may or may not have an under- 
lying relationship with the response. 
Different kinds of models handle these types of predictor characteristics 
in different ways. For example, partial least squares naturally manages cor- 
related predictors but is numerically more stable if the predictors are on 
similar scales. Recursive partitioning, on the other hand, is unaffected by 
predictors of different scales but has a less stable partitioning structure when 
predictors are correlated. As another example of predictor characteristics’ 
impact on models, multiple linear regression cannot handle missing predictor 
information, but recursive partitioning can be used when predictors contain 
moderate amounts of missing information. In either of these example scenar- 
ios, failure to appropriately adjust the predictors prior to modeling (known 
as pre-processing) will produce models that have less-than-optimal predic- 
tive performance. Assessing predictor characteristics and addressing them 
through pre-processing is covered in Chap. 3. 
Finally, each of these data sets illustrates another fundamental character- 
istic that must be considered when building a predictive model: the relation- 
ship between the number of samples (n) and number of predictors (P). In the 
case of the music genre data set, the number of samples (n = 12,496) is much 
greater than the number of predictors (P = 191). All predictive models handle 
this scenario, but computational time will vary among models and will likely 
increase as the number of samples and predictors increase. Alternatively, the 
permeability data set has significantly fewer samples (n = 165) than predic- 
tors (P = 1,107). When this occurs, predictive models such as multiple linear 
regression or linear discriminant analysis cannot be directly used. Yet, some 
models [e.g., recursive partitioning and A-nearest neighbors (A NNs)] can be 
used directly under this condition. As we discuss each method in later chap- 
ters, we will identify the method’s ability to handle data sets where n < P. 
For those that cannot operate under this condition, we will suggest alterna- 
tive modeling methods or pre-processing steps that will effectively reduce the 
dimension of the predictor space. 
In summary, we must have a detailed understanding of the predictors and 
the response for any data set prior to attempting to build a model. Lack of 
understanding can lead to computational difficulties and less than optimal 
model performance. Furthermore, most data sets will require some degree of 
pre-processing in order to expand the universe of possible predictive models 
and to optimize each model’s predictive performance. 

13 1.4 Example Data Sets and Typical Data Scenarios 
oo eee 
x 
asreds x 
ns 
SON[BA 
SUISST]\ x 
x 
x 
x 
x 
SeTBOS 
JUOIOPYIC x 
x 
x 
x 
x 
x 
peyeroosse 
/paye[al10D x 
x 
x 
x 
x 
[eot1osaye+) x 
x 
me 
re 
yuNOD x 
x 
x 
x 
x 
snonuryuod SOTSLIaOBIRY 
IOJIpIlg x 
x 
yuspuedepuy x 
« 
“4 
pemoys/poourrequy) x 
x 
x 
dIyoUIULAS 
/poouelTeg SNONUTUOT) 
SNONUTFUOT 
[ROLIOSa}eD 
[eolIOseyeD 
[eotIOSeyeD 
[eolIoseyeg 
— 
snonutyUOD 
IO 
[eoltosayey Sol}SlIaqoRIeYyO 
asuodsay ZS 
ZOE 
0G 
OLE 
6FG 
161 
SIOJIPOI 
F# LLL 
vol 
VOG 
T8% 
L018 
SOP 
GI 
sojdures 
# SUOISUSTUIIC] SULINJORINULUT 
AYPIGRoulag 
UWOL9jap 
Ammlut 
 suoreoydde 
ara 
OTSLIoJORIVYO peormey9 
pnedy 
oryedoy 
quredr) 
JISNy] 
eyed Jos 
BRC] ac 
— eee 
SJos 
BYeVp 
atdurexe 
otf} 
Jo 
SOTYSTIOJOVIVYO 
[B1oAvS 
JO 
uostredutoo 
V 
-L 
1 
Pen, 

14 . 1 Introduction 
1.5 Overview 
This book consists of four parts that walk the reader through the process 
of building and critically evaluating predictive models. Because most readers 
will likely desire to implement these concepts, we provide a computing section 
at the end of each chapter that contains code for implementing the topics cov- 
ered in that chapter. Throughout the text, we focus on the R programming 
language (R Development Core Team 2010). For those readers who are not 
familiar with R, we provide an introduction to this software in Appendix B. 
The goal of Appendix B is to supply an overview and quick reference for 
the primary R programming constructs. However, this text may not contain 
enough information for those who are new to R. In this case, many other 
tutorials exist in print and on the web; for additional instruction, we recom- 
mend Verzani (2002); Venables et al. (2003); Maindonald and Braun (2007); 
Muenchen (2009), and Spector (2008). 
In Part I, we explain approaches for laying strong foundations onto 
which models can be built. The cornerstone concepts of data pre-processing 
(Chap.3) and resampling (Chap.4) should be well understood before at- 
tempting to model any data. Chapter 3 explains common methods of pre- 
processing such as data transformations, the addition and/or removal of vari- 
ables, and binning continuous variables. This chapter also details why most 
models require data to be preprocessed prior to modeling. Chapter 4 will 
introduce the idea of data spending and methods for spending data in order 
to appropriately tune a model and assess its performance. Furthermore, this 
chapter illustrates that the practitioner should always try a diverse set of 
models for any given problem. 
Upon laying the foundation for predictive modeling, we survey traditional 
and modern regression techniques in Part II. This portion of the book be- 
gins with ways to measure performance when modeling a continuous outcome 
(Chap. 5). Chapter 6 provides a working understanding and intuition for re- 
gression models that seek the underlying structure of the data using linear 
combinations of the predictors. These models include linear regression, partial 
least squares, and L, regularization. Subsequently (Chap. 7), we present an 
explanation of regression models that are not based on simple linear combina- 
tions of the predictors, which include neural networks, multivariate adaptive 
regression splines (MARS), support vector machines (SVMs), and ANNs. 
Tree-based models also do not rely on linear combinations of the predictors. 
Because of their popularity and because of their use in ensemble methods, 
we have devoted a separate chapter to these techniques (Chap.8). In this 
chapter we give an overview of regression trees, bagged trees, random forests, 
boosting, and Cubist. We end Part II with a case study (Chap. 10) which 
compares and centrasts all of the above techniques on a specific problem: 
modeling the compressive strength of concrete to obtain formulations with 
better properties. 

1.6 Notation 15 
Predictive classification models naturally follow an explanation of regression 
models and are covered in Part III. Measures of performance for classification 
problems are different than regression; we define these metrics in Chap. 11. 
Following the same structure as in Part II, we then supply a working un- 
derstanding and intuition for classification models (Chap. 12) that are based 
on linear combinations of the predictors such as linear, quadratic, regular- 
ized, and partial least squares discriminant analysis. We additionally review 
penalized methods for classification. In Chap. 13, we explore classification 
methods that are highly nonlinear functions of the predictors. These include 
flexible discriminant analysis, neural networks, SVMs, AK NNs, Naive Bayes, 
and nearest shrunken centroids. Parallel to Part II, tree-based methods for 
classification are addressed in Chap. 14, and a classification case study and 
method comparison are presented in Chap. 17. 
We conclude this work in Part IV by addressing other important consid- 
erations when building a model or evaluating its performance. In an attempt 
to find only the most relevant predictors in a given problem, many different 
types of feature selection methods have been proposed. While these methods 
have the potential to uncover practically meaningful information, they often 
help the user to understand the data’s noise rather than its structure. Chap- 
ter 18 illustrates various methods for quantifying predictor importance while 
Chap. 19 provides an introduction and guide to properly utilizing feature se- 
lection techniques. Also, an array of elements can affect model performance 
and mislead the practitioner into believing that either the model has poor 
predictive performance (when it truly has good performance) or the model 
has good predictive performance (when the opposite is true). Some com- 
mon factors affecting model performance are excess noise in the predictor 
set and/or response and predictive extrapolation. These topics are covered in 
Chap. 20. 
1.6 Notation 
One goal of this text is to provide intuitive descriptions of many techniques. 
Whenever possible, words are used in place of equations. Many models can 
be described in algorithmic terms, but others require more mathematical 
explanations. Generally, the characters x and y in their various fonts and 
case types represent the predictors and the response, respectively. Here are 
the specific forms they take in this text: 
n = the number of data points 
P = the number of predictors | 
the ith observed value of the outcome, 7=1...n II Yi 
Yi the predicted outcome of the ith data point, 7 = 1... 

Kez 1 Introduction 
the average or sample mean of the n observed values of the outcome 
= a vector of all n outcome values 
the value of the jth predictor for the ith data point, 7 = 1...n and 
fe = len. eile 
= the average or sample mean of n data points for the jth predictor, 
gf Se 
a collection (i.e., vector) of the P predictors for the ith data point, 
P= Woccit 
a matrix of P predictors for all data points; this matrix has n rows 
and P columns 
the transpose of X; this matrix has P rows and n columns 
Other notational guidelines used in equations throughout the text are: 
C 
Ce 
The = the number of classes in a categorical outcome 
= the value of the /th class level 
= the probability of an event 
= the probability of the “th event 
.| = the probability of event 
= the summation operator over the index 7 
= the theoretical covariance matrix 
-| = the expected value of - 
= a function of .; g(-) and h(-) also represent functions throughout 
the text 
= an unknown or theoretical model coefficient 
= an estimated model coefficient based on a sample of data points 
reader should note that we use other symbols throughout the text 
that may be unique to a specific topic or model. In these cases we define that 
notation locally. 

Parte 
General Strategies 


Chapter 2 
A Short Tour ofthe Predictive Modeling 
Process 
Before diving in to the formal components of model building, we present a 
simple example that illustrates the broad concepts of model building. Specif- 
ically, the following example demonstrates the concepts of data “spending,” 
building candidate models, and selecting the optimal model. 
2.1 Case Study: Predicting Fuel Economy 
The fueleconomy.gov web site, run by the U.S. Department of Energy’s Of 
fice of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy and the U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency, lists different estimates of fuel economy for passenger cars 
and trucks. For each vehicle, various characteristics are recorded such as the 
engine displacement or number of cylinders. Along with these values, lab- 
oratory measurements are made for the city and highway miles per gallon 
(MPG) of the car. 
In practice, we would build a model on as many vehicle characteristics as 
possible in order to find the most predictive model. However, this introductory 
illustration will focus high-level concepts of model building by using a single 
predictor, engine displacement (the volume inside the engine cylinders), and 
a single response, unadjusted highway MPG for 2010-2011 model year cars. 
The first step in any model building process is to understand the data, 
which can most easily be done through a graph. Since we have just one 
predictor and one response, these data can be visualized with a scatter plot 
(Fig. 2.1). This figure shows the relationship between engine displacement 
and fuel economy. The “2010 model year” panel contains all the 2010 data 
while the other panel shows the data only for new 2011 vehicles. Clearly, 
as engine displacement increases, the fuel efficiency drops regardless of year. 
The relationship is somewhat linear but does exhibit some curvature towards 
the extreme ends of the displacement axis. 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 19 
DOL 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_2, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

20 2 A Short Tour of the Predictive Modeling Process 
2 4 6 8 
— 2010 Model Year | (EO THIModeiveaiiies 
Fuel Efficiency (MPG) 
Engine Displacement 
Fig. 2.1: The relationship between engine displacement and fuel efficiency of 
all 2010 model year vehicles and new 2011 car lines 
If we had more than one predictor, we would need to further understand 
characteristics of the predictors and the relationships among the predictors. 
These characteristics may suggest important and necessary pre-processing 
steps that must be taken prior to building a model (Chap. 3). 
After first understanding the data, the next step is to build and evaluate 
a model on the data. A standard approach is to take a random sample of 
the data for model building and use the rest to understand model perfor- 
mance. However, suppose we want to predict the MPG for a new car line. 
In this situation, models can be created using the 2010 data (containing 
1,107 vehicles) and tested on the 245 new 2011 cars. The common terminol- 
ogy would be that the 2010 data are used as the model “training set” and the 
2011 values are the “test” or “validation” set. 
Now that we have defined the data used for model building and evaluation, 
we should decide how to measure performance of the model. For regression 
problems where we try to predict a numeric value, the residuals are important 
sources of information. Residuals are computed as the observed value minus 
the predicted value (i.e., y; — y;). When predicting numeric values, the root 
mean squared error (RMSE) is commonly used to evaluate models. Described 
in more detail in Chap. 7, RMSE is interpreted as how far, on average, the 
residuals are from zero. 
At this point, the modeler will try various techniques to mathematically 
define the relationship between the predictor and outcome. To do this, the 
training set is used to estimate the various values needed by the model equa- 
tions. The test set will be used only when a few strong candidate models 
have been finalized (repeatedly using the test set in the model build process 
negates its utility as a final arbitrator of the models). 
Suppose a linear regression model was created where the predicted MPG 
is a basic slope and intercept model. Using the training data, we estimate the 

2.1 Case Study: Predicting Fuel Economy Pill 
Fuel Economy (2) ~~ oi (ep) N (=) oO oO oO (s} Predicted 
pe) oO 
= (o) 
2 4 6 8 
Engine Displacement Observed 
Fig. 2.2: Quality of fit diagnostics for the linear regression model. The training 
set data and its associated predictions are used to understand how well the 
model works 
intercept to be 50.6 and the slope to be —4.5 MPG/liters using the method of 
least squares (Sect. 6.2). The model fit is shown in Fig. 2.2 for the training set 
data.' The left-hand panel shows the training set data with a linear model fit 
defined by the estimated slope and intercept. The right-hand panel plots the 
observed and predicted MPG. These plots demonstrate that this model misses 
some of the patterns in the data, such as under-predicting fuel efiiciency when 
the displacement is less than 2L or above 6L. 
When working with the training set, one must be careful not to simply 
evaluate model performance using the same data used to build the model. 
If we simply re-predict the training set data, there is the potential to pro- 
duce overly optimistic estimates of how well the model works, especially if 
the model is highly adaptable. An alternative approach for quantifying how 
well the model operates is to use resampling, where different subversions of 
the training data set are used to fit the model. Resampling techniques are 
discussed in Chap.4. For these data, we used a form of resampling called 
10-fold cross-validation to estimate the model RMSE to be 4.6 MPG. 
Looking at Fig.2.2, it is conceivable that the problem might be solved 
by introducing some nonlinearity in the model. There are many ways to 
do this. The most basic approach is to supplement the previous linear re- 
gression model with additional complexity. Adding a squared term for en- 
gine displacement would mean estimating an additional slope parameter 
associated with the square of the predictor. In doing this, the model equation 
changes to 
' One of our graduate professors once said “the only way to be comfortable with your 
data is to never look at it.” 

2 2 A Short Tour of the Predictive Modeling Process 
Fuel Economy Predicted 
2 4 6 8 20)" 30 40° 50° 60 70 
Engine Displacement Observed 
Fig. 2.3: Quality of fit diagnostics for the quadratic regression model (using 
the training set) 
efficiency = 63.2 — 11.9 x displacement + 0.94 x displacement? 
This is referred to as a quadratic model since it includes a squared term; the 
model fit is shown in Fig. 2.3. Unquestionably, the addition of the quadratic 
term improves the model fit. The RMSE is now estimated to be 4.2 MPG 
using cross-validation. One issue with quadratic models is that they can per- 
form poorly on the extremes of the predictor. In Fig. 2.3, there may be a 
hint of this for the vehicles with very high displacement values. The model 
appears to be bending upwards unrealistically. Predicting new vehicles with 
large displacement values may produce significantly inaccurate results. 
Chapters 6-8 discuss many other techniques for creating sophisticated 
relationships between the predictors and outcome. One such approach is 
the multivariate adaptive regression spline (MARS) model (Friedman 1991). 
When used with a single predictor, MARS can fit separate linear regression 
lines for different ranges of engine displacement. The slopes and intercepts 
are estimated for this model, as well as the number and size of the separate 
regions for the linear models. Unlike the linear regression models, this tech- 
nique has a tuning parameter which cannot be directly estimated from the 
data. There is no analytical equation that can be used to determine how many 
segments should be used to model the data. While the MARS model has in- 
ternal algorithms for making this determination, the user can try different 
values and use resampling to determine the appropriate value. Once the value 
is found, a final MARS model would be fit using all the training set data and 
used for prediction. 

2.1 Case Study: Predicting Fuel Economy 23 
4.28 
4.26 
RMSE (Cross-—Validation) 
~— 
2.0 PaaS, 3.0 SUS} 4.0 AN is 5.0 
#Terms 
Fig. 2.4: The cross-validation profile for the MARS tuning parameter 
Fuel Economy Predicted 
20) 300 40) 50 60. 70 
Engine Displacement Observed 
Fig. 2.5: Quality of fit diagnostics for the MARS model (using the training 
set). The MARS model creates several linear regression fits with change points 
at 2.3, 3.0, and 4.3L 
For a single predictor, MARS can allow for up to five model terms (similar 
to the previous slopes and intercepts). Using cross-validation, we evaluated 
four candidate values for this tuning parameter to create the resampling 
profile which is shown in Fig. 2.4. The lowest RMSE value is associated with 
four terms, although the scale of change in the RMSE values indicates that 
there is some insensitivity to this tuning parameter. The RMSE associated 
with the optimal model was 4.2 MPG. After fitting the final MARS model 
with four terms, the training set fit is shown in Fig. 2.5 where several linear 
segments were predicted. 

24 2 A Short Tour of the Predictive Modeling Process 
x 
Quadratic Regression —_ 
Fuel Economy -& oO (ep) (<2) (jo) 2) 
wo oO 
pe) oO 
Engine Displacement 
Fig. 2.6: The test set data and with model fits for two models 
Based on these three models, the quadratic regression and MARS models 
were evaluated on the test set. Figure 2.6 shows these results. Both models fit 
very similarly. The test set RMSE values for the quadratic model was 4.72 
MPG and the MARS model was 4.69 MPG. Based on this, either model 
would be appropriate for the prediction of new car lines. 
2.2 Themes 
There are several aspects of the model building process that are worth dis- 
cussing further, especially for those who are new to predictive modeling. 
Data Splitting 
Although discussed in the next chapter, how we allocate data to certain 
tasks (e.g., model building, evaluating performance) is an important aspect 
of modeling. For this example, the primary interest is to predict the fuel 
economy of new vehicles, which is not the same population as the data used 
to build the model. This means that, to some degree, we are testing how 
well the model extrapolates to a different population. If we were interested in 
predicting from the same population of vehicles (i.e., interpolation), taking 
a simple random sample of the data would be more appropriate. How the 
training and test sets are determined should reflect how the model will be 
applied. 

2.2 Themes 25 
How much data should be allocated to the training and test sets? It gener- 
ally depends on the situation.,If the pool of data is small, the data splitting 
decisions can be critical. A small test would have limited utility as a judge 
of performance. In this case, a sole reliance on resampling techniques (i.e., 
no test set) might be more effective. Large data sets reduce the criticality of 
these decisions. 
Predictor Data 
This example has revolved around one of many predictors: the engine dis- 
placement. The original data contain many other factors, such as the number 
of cylinders, the type of transmission, and the manufacturer. An earnest at- 
tempt to predict the fuel economy would examine as many predictors as 
possible to improve performance. Using more predictors, it is likely that the 
RMSE for the new model cars can be driven down further. Some investi- 
gation into the data can also help. For example, none of the models were 
effective at predicting fuel economy when the engine displacement was small. 
Inclusion of predictors that target these types of vehicles would help improve 
performance. 
An aspect of modeling that was not discussed here was feature selection: 
the process of determining the minimum set of relevant predictors needed by 
the model. This common task is discussed in Chap. 19. 
Estimating Performance 
Before using the test set, two techniques were employed to determine the 
effectiveness of the model. First, quantitative assessments of statistics (i.e., 
the RMSE) using resampling help the user understand how each technique 
would perform on new data. The other tool was to create simple visualizations 
of a model, such as plotting the observed and predicted values, to discover 
areas of the data where the model does particularly good or bad. This type 
of qualitative information is critical for improving models and is lost when 
the model is gauged only on summary statistics. 
Evaluating Several Models 
For these data, three different models were evaluated. It is our experience 
that some modeling practitioners have a favorite model that is relied on 
indiscriminately. The “No Free Lunch” Theorem (Wolpert 1996) argues that, 

26 2 A Short Tour of the Predictive Modeling Process 
without having substantive information about the modeling problem, there 
is no single model that will always do better than any other model. Because 
of this, a strong case can be made to try a wide variety of techniques, then 
determine which model to focus on. In our example, a simple plot of the 
data shows that there is a nonlinear relationship between the outcome and 
the predictor. Given this knowledge, we might exclude linear models from 
consideration, but there is still a wide variety of techniques to evaluate. One 
might say that “model X is always the best performing model” but, for these 
data, a simple quadratic model is extremely competitive. 
Model Selection 
At some point in the process, a specific model must be chosen. This example 
demonstrated two types of model selection. First, we chose some models over 
others: the linear regression model did not fit well and was dropped. In this 
case, we chose between models. There was also a second type of model selection 
shown. For MARS, the tuning parameter was chosen using cross-validation. 
This was also model selection where we decided on the type of MARS model 
to use. In this case, we did the selection within different MARS models. 
In either case, we relied on cross-validation and the test set to produce 
quantitative assessments of the models to help us make the choice. Because 
we focused on a single predictor, which will not often be the case, we also 
made visualizations of the model fit to help inform us. At the end of the pro- 
cess, the MARS and quadratic models appear to give equivalent performance. 
However, knowing that the quadratic model might not do well for vehicles 
with very large displacements, our intuition might tell us to favor the MARS 
model. One goal of this book is to help the user gain intuition regarding the 
strengths and weakness of different models to make informed decisions. 
2.3 Summary 
At face value, model building appears straightforward: pick a modeling tech- 
nique, plug in data, and generate a prediction. While this approach will gener- 
ate a predictive model, it will most likely not generate a reliable, trustworthy 
model for predicting new samples. To get this type of model, we must first 
understand the data and the objective of the’ modeling. Upon understand- 
ing the data and objectives, we then pre-process and split the data. Only 
after these steps do we finally proceed to building, evaluating, and selecting 
models. 

Chapter 3 
Data Pre-processing 
Data pre-processing techniques generally refer to the addition, deletion, or 
transformation of training set data. Although this text is primarily concerned 
with modeling techniques, data preparation can make or break a model’s 
predictive ability. Different models have different sensitivities to the type of 
predictors in the model; how the predictors enter the model is also important. 
Transformations of the data to reduce the impact of data skewness or outliers 
can lead to significant improvements in performance. Feature extraction, dis- 
cussed in Sect. 3.3, is one empirical technique for creating surrogate variables 
that are combinations of multiple predictors. Additionally, simpler strategies 
such as removing predictors based on their lack of information content can 
also be effective. 
The need for data pre-processing is determined by the type of model being 
used. Some procedures, such as tree-based models, are notably insensitive to 
the characteristics of the predictor data. Others, like linear regression, are 
not. In this chapter, a wide array of possible methodologies are discussed. For 
modeling techniques described in subsequent chapters, we will also discuss 
which, if any, pre-processing techniques can be useful. 
This chapter outlines approaches to unsupervised data processing: the out- 
come variable is not considered by the pre-processing techniques. In other 
chapters, supervised methods, where the outcome is utilized to pre-process 
the data, are also discussed. For example, partial least squares (PLS) models 
are essentially supervised versions of principal component analysis (PCA). 
We also describe strategies for removing predictors without considering how 
those variables might be related to the outcome. Chapter 19 discusses tech- 
niques for finding subsets of predictors that optimize the ability of the model 
to predict the response. 
How the predictors are encoded, called feature engineering, can have a 
significant impact on model performance. For example, using combinations 
of predictors can sometimes be more effective than using the individual values: 
the ratio of two predictors may be more effective than using two independent 
bo ~I M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_3, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

28 . 3 Data Pre-processing 
predictors. Often the most effective encoding of the data is informed by the 
modeler’s understanding of the problem and thus is not derived from any 
mathematical technique. 
There are usually several different methods for encoding predictor data. 
For example, in Chaps. 12 through 15, an illustrative data set is described 
for predicting the success of academic grants. One piece of information in 
the data is the submission date of the grant. This date can be represented in 
myriad ways: 
The number of days since a reference date 
Isolating the month, year, and day of the week as separate predictors 
The numeric day of the year (ignoring the calendar year) 
Whether the date was within the school year (as opposed to holiday or 
summer sessions) 
The “correct” feature engineering depends on several factors. First, some en- 
codings may be optimal for some models and poor for others. For example, 
tree-based models will partition the data into two or more bins. Theoretically, 
if the month were important, the tree would split the numeric day of the year 
accordingly. Also, in some models, multiple encodings of the same data may 
cause problems. As will be illustrated several times in later chapters, some 
models contain built-in feature selection, meaning that the model will only 
include predictors that help maximize accuracy. In these cases, the model can 
pick and choose which representation of the data is best. 
The relationship between the predictor and the outcome is a second factor. 
For example, if there were a seasonal component to these data, and it appears 
that there is, then the numeric day of the year would be best. Also, if some 
mouths showed higher success rates than others, then the encoding based on 
the month is preferable. 
As with many questions of statistics, the answer to “which feature engi- 
neering methods are the best?” is that it depends. Specifically, it depends on 
the model being used and the true relationship with the outcome. A broad 
discussion regarding how the data were encoded for our analyses is given in 
pect. 12.1, 
Prior to delving into specific techniques, an illustrative data set that is 
used throughout the chapter is introduced. 
3.1 Case Study: Cell Segmentation in High-Content 
Screening 
Medical researchers often seek to understand the effects of medicines or dis- 
eases on the size, shape, development status, and number of cells in a living 
organism or plant. To do this, experts can examine the target serum or tis- 
sue under a microscope and manually assess the desired cell characteristics. 

3.1 Case Study: Cell Segmentation in High-Content Screening 29 
This work is tedious and requires expert knowledge of the cell type and 
characteristics. , 
Another way to measure the cell characteristics from these kinds of samples 
is by using high-content screening (Giuliano et al. 1997). Briefly, a sample 
is first dyed with a substance that will bind to the desired characteristic of 
the cells. For example, if a researcher wants to quantify the size or shape of 
cell nuclei, then a stain can be applied to the sample that attaches to the 
cells’ DNA. The cells can be fixed in a substance that preserves the nature 
state of the cell. The sample is then interrogated by an instrument (such as a 
confocal microscope) where the dye deflects light and the detectors quantify 
the degree of scattering for that specific wavelength. If multiple characteristics 
of the cells are desired, then multiple dyes and multiple light frequencies can 
be used simultaneously. The light scattering measurements are then processed 
through imaging software to quantify the desired cell characteristics. 
Using an automated, high-throughput approach to assess samples’ cell 
characteristics can sometimes produce misleading results. Hill et al. (2007) 
describe a research project that used high-content screening to measure sev- 
eral aspects of cells. They observed that the imaging software used to deter- 
mine the location and shape of the cell had difficulty segmenting cells (i.e., 
defining cells’ boundaries). Consider Fig. 3.1, which depicts several example 
cells from this study. In these images, the bright green boundaries identify 
the cell nucleus, while the blue boundaries define the cell perimeter. Clearly 
some cells are well segmented, while others are not. Cells that are poorly 
segmented appear to be damaged, when in reality they are not. If cell size, 
shape, and/or quantity are the endpoints of interest in a study, then it is 
important that the instrument and imaging software can correctly segment 
cells. 
For this research, Hill et al. (2007) assembled a data set consisting of 2,019 
cells. Of these cells, 1,300 were judged to be poorly segmented (PS) and 719 
were well segmented (WS); 1,009 cells were reserved for the training set.! 
For a particular type of cell, the researchers used different stains that 
would be visible to different optical channels. Channel one was associated 
with the cell body and can be used to determine the cell perimeter, area, 
and other qualities. Channel two interrogated the cell nucleus by staining the 
nuclear DNA (shown in blue shading in Fig. 3.1). Channels three and four 
were stained to detect actin and tubulin, respectively. These are two types 
of filaments that transverse the cells in scaffolds and are part of the cell’s 
cytoskeleton. For all cells, 116 features (e.g., cell area, spot fiber count) were 
measured and were used to predict the segmentation quality of cells.? 
1 The individual data points can be found on the journal web site or in the R Applied- 
PredictiveModeling package. See the Computing section at the end of this chapter. 
2 The original authors included several “status” features that are binary representa- 
tions of other features in the data set. We excluded these from the analysis in this 
chapter. 

30 . 3 Data Pre-processing 
C 
Fig. 3.1: An image showing cell segmentation from Hill et al. (2007). The red 
bores [panels (d) and (e)| show poorly segmented cells while the cells in the 
blue bores are examples of proper segmentation 
This chapter will use the training set samples identified by the original 
authors to demonstrate data pre-processing techniques. 
3.2 Data Transformations for Individual Predictors 
Transformations of predictor variables may be needed for several reasons. 
Some modeling techniques may have strict requirements, such as the predic- 
tors having a common scale. In other cases, creating a good model may be 
difficult due to specific characteristics of the data (e.g., outliers). Here we 
discuss centering, scaling, and skewness transformations. 
Centering and Scaling 
The most straightforward and common data transformation is to center scale 
the predictor variables. To center a predictor variable, the average predictor 
value is subtracted from all the values. As a result of centering, the predictor 
has a zero mean. Similarly, to scale the data, each value of the predictor 
variable is divided by its standard deviation. Scaling the data coerce the 
values to have a common standard deviation of one. These manipulations are 

3.2 Data Transformations for Individual Predictors 31 
generally used to improve the numerical stability of some calculations. Some 
models, such as PLS (Sects. 6.3 and 12.4), benefit from the predictors being 
on a common scale. The only real downside to these transformations is a loss 
of interpretability of the individual values since the data are no longer in the 
original units. 
Transformations to Resolve Skewness 
Another common reason for transformations is to remove distributional skew- 
ness. An un-skewed distribution is one that is roughly symmetric. This means 
that the probability of falling on either side of the distribution’s mean is 
roughly equal. A right-skewed distribution has a large number of points on 
the left side of the distribution (smaller values) than on the right side (larger 
values). For example, the cell segmentation data contain a predictor that 
measures the standard deviation of the intensity of the pixels in the actin 
filaments. In the natural units, the data exhibit a strong right skewness; 
there is a greater concentration of data points at relatively small values and 
small number of large values. Figure 3.2 shows a histogram of the data in the 
natural units (left panel). 
A general rule of thumb to consider is that skewed data whose ratio of the 
highest value to the lowest value is greater than 20 have significant skewness. 
Also, the skewness statistic can be used as a diagnostic. If the predictor 
distribution is roughly symmetric, the skewness values will be close to zero. As 
the distribution becomes more right skewed, the skewness statistic becomes 
larger. Similarly, as the distribution becomes more left skewed, the value 
becomes negative. The formula for the sample skewness statistic is 
es a 
(n — 1)v3/2 
Yee oe 
(m—1) ? skewness = 
where v= 
where x is the predictor variable, n is the number of values, and 7 is the 
sample mean of the predictor. For the actin filament data shown in Fig. 3.2, 
the skewness statistic was calculated to be 2.39 while the ratio to the largest 
and smallest value was 870. 
Replacing the data with the log, square root, or inverse may help to remove 
the skew. For the data in Fig. 3.2, the right panel shows the distribution of the 
data once a log transformation has been applied. After the transformation, 
the distribution is not entirely symmetric but these data are better behaved 
than when they were in the natural units. 

32 3 Data Pre-processing 
ha i =! = | = ———— 
400 7 
250 
300 + 200 ie 
= 150 L 3 200 3} oO 
100 = 
100 4 
50 Fe 
0-4 0 b 
6) 200 400 600 800 0 2 4 6 
Natural Units Log Units 
Fig. 3.2: Left: a histogram of the standard deviation of the intensity of the 
pixels in actin filaments. This predictor has a strong right skewness with a 
concentration of points with low values. For this variable, the ratio of the 
smallest to largest value is 870 and a skewness value of 2.39. Right: the 
same data after a log transformation. The skewness value for the logged data 
was —0.4 
Alternatively, statistical methods can be used to empirically identify an 
appropriate transformation. Box and Cox (1964) propose a family of trans- 
formations? that are indexed by a parameter, denoted as 2: 
eS See 
logiz) mA=0 
In addition to the log transformation, this family can identify square trans- 
formation (A = 2), square root (A = 0.5), inverse (A = —1), and others 
in-between. Using the training data, A can be estimated. Box and Cox (1964) 
show how to use maximum likelihood estimation to determine the transfor- 
mation parameter. This procedure would be applied independently to each 
predictor data that contain values greater than zero. 
For the segmentation data, 69 predictors were not transformed due to 
zero or negative values and 3 predictors had \ estimates within 1 + 0.02, 
so no transformation was applied. The remaining 44 predictors had val- 
ues estimated between —2 and 2. For example, the predictor data shown 
in Fig. 3.2 have an estimated transformation value of 0.1, indicating the log 
3 Some readers familiar with Box and Cox (1964) will know that this transformation 
was developed for outcome data while Box and Tidwell (1962) describe similar meth- 
ods for transforming a set of predictors in a linear model. Our experience is that the 
Box—Cox transformation is more straightforward, less prone to numerical issues, and 
just as effective for transforming individual predictor variables. 

3.3 Data Transformations for Multiple Predictors 33 
400 
150 
300 
‘S 100 
3 200 oO 
100 20 
0 0 
100 200 300 400 0.900 0.905 
Natural Units Transformed Data 
Fig. 3.3: Left: a histogram of the cell perimeter predictor. Right: the same 
data after a Box—Cox transformation with \ estimated to be —1.1 
transformation is reasonable. Another predictor, the estimated cell perimeter, 
had a A estimate of —1.1. For these data, the original and transformed values 
are shown in Fig. 3.3. 
3.3 Data Transformations for Multiple Predictors 
These transformations act on groups of predictors, typically the entire set 
under consideration. Of primary importance are methods to resolve outliers 
and reduce the dimension of the data. 
Transformations to Resolve Outliers 
We will generally define outliers as samples that are exceptionally far from 
the mainstream of the data. Under certain assumptions, there are formal sta- 
tistical definitions of an outlier. Even with a thorough understanding of the 
data, outliers can be hard to define. However, we can often identify an un- 
usual value by looking at a figure. When one or more samples are suspected 
to be outliers, the first step is to make sure that the values are scientifically 
valid (e.g., positive blood pressure) and that no data recording errors have 
occurred. Great care should be taken not to hastily remove or change val- 
ues, especially if the sample size is small. With small sample sizes, apparent 
outliers might be a result of a skewed distribution where there are not yet 

34 3 Data Pre-processing 
enough data to see the skewness. Also, the outlying data may be an indica- 
tion of a special part of the population under study that is just starting to be 
sampled. Depending on how the data were collected, a “cluster” of valid points 
that reside outside the mainstream of the data might belong to a different 
population than the other samples.4 
There are several predictive models that are resistant to outliers. ‘Tree- 
based classification models create splits of the training data and the predic- 
tion equation is a set of logical statements such as “if predictor A is greater 
than X, predict the class to be Y,” so the outlier does not usually have 
an exceptional influence on the model. Also, support vector machines for 
classification generally disregard a portion of the training set samples when 
creating a prediction equation. The excluded samples may be far away from 
the decision boundary and outside of the data mainstream. 
If a model is considered to be sensitive to outliers, one data transformation 
that can minimize the problem is the spatial sign (Serneels et al. 2006). This 
procedure projects the predictor values onto a multidimensional sphere. This 
has the effect of making all the samples the same distance from the center of 
the sphere. Mathematically, each sample is divided by its squared norm: 
Diy 
Cia fe Oia 
RR ire 
Since the denominator is intended to measure the squared distance to the 
center of the predictor’s distribution, it is important to center and scale the 
predictor data prior to using this transformation. Note that, unlike centering 
or scaling, this manipulation of the predictors transforms them as a group. 
Removing predictor variables after applying the spatial sign transformation 
may be problematic. 
Figure 3.4 shows another data set with two correlated predictors. In these 
data, at least eight samples cluster away from the majority of other data. 
These data points are likely a valid, but poorly sampled subpopulation of the 
data. The modeler would investigate why these points are different; perhaps 
they represent a group of interest, such as highly profitable customers. The 
spatial sign transformation is shown on the right-hand panel where all the 
data points are projected to be a common distance away from the origin. 
The outliers still reside in the Northwest section of the distribution but are 
contracted inwards. This mitigates the effect of the samples on model training. 
4 Section 20.5 discusses model extrapolation—where the model predicts samples out- 
side of the mainstream of the training data. Another concept is the applicability 
domain of the model, which is the population of samples that can be effectively pre- 
dicted by the model. 

3.3 Data Transformations for Multiple Predictors 35 
Data Mainstream = "Outliers" © 
Original Data _ After Spatial Sign 
1.0 
0.0 0.5 
Predictor Variable #2 -0.5 
-1.0 
—1.0 -0.5 0.0 0.5 10) 
Predictor Variable #1 
Fig. 3.4: Left: An illustrative example with a group of outlying data points. 
Right: When the original data are transformed, the results bring the outliers 
towards the majority of the data 
Data Reduction and Feature Extraction 
Data reduction techniques are another class of predictor transformations. 
These methods reduce the data by generating a smaller set of predictors that 
seek to capture a majority of the information in the original variables. In 
this way, fewer variables can be used that provide reasonable fidelity to the 
original data. For most data reduction techniques, the new predictors are 
functions of the original predictors; therefore, all the original predictors are 
still needed to create the surrogate variables. This class of methods is often 
called signal extraction or feature extraction techniques. 
PCA is a commonly used data reduction technique (Abdi and Williams 
2010). This method seeks to find linear combinations of the predictors, known 
as principal components (PCs), which capture the most possible variance. The 
first PC is defined as the linear combination of the predictors that captures 
the most variability of all possible linear combinations. Then, subsequent PCs 
are derived such that these linear combinations capture the most remaining 
variability while also being uncorrelated with all previous PCs. Mathemati- 
cally, the jth PC can be written as: 
PC, = (@j, x Predictor 1) -- (ao x Predictor 2) --- --4-(a4p * Predictor P). 
P is the number of predictors. The coefficients aj1, aj2,..., @j;p are called com- 
ponent weights and help us understand which predictors are most important 
GOreacln Gr 

36 ' 3 Data Pre-processing 
Original Data Transformed 
PSs WS 
Intensity Entropy Channel 1 Principal Component #2 
WS ala a etioy ae ie = Fp : 
Channel 1 Fiber Width Enea eee One Here 
Fig. 3.5: An example of the principal component transformation for the cell 
segmentation data. The shapes and colors indicate which cells were poorly 
segmented or well segmented 
To illustrate PCA, consider the data in Fig. 3.5. This set contains a subset 
of two correlated predictors, average pixel intensity of channel | and entropy 
of intensity values in the cell (a measure of cell shape), and a categorical 
response. Given the high correlation between the predictors (0.93), we could 
infer that average pixel intensity and entropy of intensity values measure 
redundant information about the cells and that either predictor or a linear 
combination of these predictors could be used in place of the original pre- 
dictors. In this example, two PCs can be derived (right plot in Fig. 3.5); this 
transformation represents a rotation of the data about the axis of greatest 
variation. The first PC summarizes 97% of the original variability, while the 
second summarizes 3%. Hence, it is reasonable to use only the first PC for 
modeling since it accounts for the majority of information in the data. 
The primary advantage of PCA, and the reason that it has retained its 
popularity as a data reduction method, is that it creates components that are 
uncorrelated. As mentioned earlier in this chapter, some predictive models 
prefer predictors to be uncorrelated (or at least low correlation) in order 
to find solutions and to improve the model’s numerical stability. PCA pre- 
processing creates new predictors with desirable characteristics for these kinds 
of models. 
While PCA delivers new predictors with desirable characteristics, it must 
be used with understanding and care. Notably, practitioners must under- 
stand that PCA seeks predictor-set variation without regard to any further 
understanding of the predictors (i.e., measurement scales or distributions) 

3.3 Data Transformations for Multiple Predictors oa 
or to knowledge of the modeling objectives (i.e., response variable). Hence, 
without proper guidance, PCA can generate components that summarize 
characteristics of the data that are irrelevant to the underlying structure of 
the data and also to the ultimate modeling objective. 
Because PCA seeks linear combinations of predictors that maximize 
variability, it will naturally first be drawn to summarizing predictors that 
have more variation. If the original predictors are on measurement scales that 
differ in orders of magnitude [consider demographic predictors such as income 
level (in dollars) and height (in feet)], then the first few components will fo- 
cus on summarizing the higher magnitude predictors (e.g., income), while 
latter components will summarize lower variance predictors (e.g., height). 
This means that the PC weights will be larger for the higher variability pre- 
dictors on the first few components. In addition, it means that PCA will be 
focusing its efforts on identifying the data structure based on measurement 
scales rather than based on the important relationships within the data for 
the current problem. 
For most data sets, predictors are on different scales. In addition, predic- 
tors may have skewed distributions. Hence, to help PCA avoid summarizing 
distributional differences and predictor scale information, it is best to first 
transform skewed predictors (Sect. 3.2) and then center and scale the predic- 
tors prior to performing PCA. Centering and scaling enables PCA to find the 
underlying relationships in the data without being influenced by the original 
measurement scales. 
The second caveat of PCA is that it does not consider the modeling objec- 
tive or response variable when summarizing variability. Because PCA is blind 
to the response, it is an unsupervised technique. If the predictive relationship 
between the predictors and response is not connected to the predictors’ vari- 
ability, then the derived PCs will not provide a suitable relationship with the 
response. In this case, a supervised technique, like PLS (Sects. 6.3 and 12.4), 
will derive components while simultaneously considering the corresponding 
response. 
Once we have decided on the appropriate transformations of the predictor 
variables, we can then apply PCA. For data sets with many predictor vari- 
ables, we must decide how many components to retain. A heuristic approach 
for determining the number of components to retain is to create a scree plot, 
which contains the ordered component number (a-axis) and the amount of 
summarized variability (y-axis) (Fig. 3.6). For most data sets, the first few 
PCs will summarize a majority of the variability, and the plot will show a 
steep descent; variation will then taper off for the remaining components. 
Generally, the component number prior to the tapering off of variation is the 
maximal component that is retained. In Fig. 3.6, the variation tapers off at 
component 5. Using this rule of thumb, four PCs would be retained. In an 
automated model building process, the optimal number of components can 
be determined by cross-validation (see Sect. 4.4). 

38 3 Data Pre-processing 
®o 
1S) 
ot 
a 
o > 
o 
io) kK 
oO 
= o 
2 ® 
oO 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
Component 
Fig. 3.6: A “scree plot” where the percentage of the total variance explained 
by each component is shown 
Visually examining the principal components is a critical step for assessing 
data quality and gaining intuition for the problem. To do this, the first few 
principal components can be plotted against each other and the plot symbols 
can be colored by relevant characteristics, such as the class labels. If PCA 
has captured a sufficient amount of information in the data, this type of plot 
can demonstrate clusters of samples or outliers that may prompt a closer ex- 
amination of the individual data points. For classification problems, the PCA 
plot can show potential separation of classes (if there is a separation). This 
can set the initial expectations of the modeler; if there is little clustering of 
the classes, the plot of the principal component values will show a significant 
overlap of the points for each class. Care should be taken when plotting the 
components; the scale of the components tend to become smaller as they 
account for less and less variation in the data. For example, in Fig.3.5, the 
values of component one range from —3.7 to 3.4 while the component two 
ranges from —1 to 1.1. If the axes are displayed on separate scales, there is 
the potential to over-interpret any patterns that might be seen for compo- 
nents that account for small amounts of variation. See Geladi, Manley, and 
Lestander (2003) for other examples of this issue. 
PCA was applied to the entire set of segmentation data predictors. As 
previously demonstrated, there are some predictors with significant skewness. 
Since skewed predictors can have an impact on PCA, there were 44 variables 
that were transformed using the Box—Cox procedure previously described. 
After the transformations, the predictors were centered and scaled prior to 
conducting PCA. 
Figure 3.6 shows the percentage of the total variation in the data which was 
accounted for hy each component. Notice that the percentages decrease as 
more components are added. The first three components accounted for 14%, 
12.6%, and 9.4% of the total variance, respectively. After four components, 

3.3 Data Transformations for Multiple Predictors 39 
Scatter Plot Matrix 
Fig. 3.7: A plot of the first three principal components for the cell segmenta- 
tion data, colored by cell type 
there is a sharp decline in the percentage of variation being explained, al- 
though these four components describe only 42.4% of the information in the 
data set. 
Figure 3.7 shows a scatter plot matrix for the first three principal compo- 
nents. The points are colored by class (segmentation quality). Since the per- 
centages of variation explained are not large for the first three components, it 
is important not to over-interpret the resulting image. From this plot, there 
appears to be some separation between the classes when plotting the first and 
second components. However, the distribution of the well-segmented cells is 
roughly contained within the distribution of the poorly identified cells. One 
conclusion to infer from this image is that the cell types are not easily sepa- 
rated. However, this does not mean that other models, especially those which 
can accommodate highly nonlinear relationships, will reach the same conclu- 
sion. Also, while there are some cells in the data that are not completely 
within the data mainstream, there are no blatant outliers. 
Another exploratory use of PCA is characterizing which predictors are as- 
sociated with each component. Recall that each component is a linear com- 
bination of the predictors and the coefficient for each predictor is called the 

40 3 Data Pre-processing 
Channel 1 ¢ Channel 3 « 
Channel 2 = Channel 4 ¢ 
Scatter Plot Matrix 
Fig. 3.8: A plot of the loadings of the first three principal components for the 
cell segmentation data, colored by optical channel. Recall that channel one 
was associated with the cell body, channel two with the cell nucleus, channel 
three with actin, and channel four with tubulin 
loading. Loadings close to zero indicate that the predictor variable did not 
contribute much to that component. Figure 3.8 shows the loadings for the 
first three components in the cell segmentation data. Each point corresponds 
to a predictor variable and is colored by the optical channel used in the ex- 
periment. For the first principal component, the loadings for the first channel 
(associated with the cell body) are on the extremes. This indicates that cell 
body characteristics have the largest effect on the first principal component 
and by extension the predictor values. Also note that the majority of the load- 
ings for the third channel (measuring actin and tubulin) are closer to zero 
for the first component. Conversely, the third principal component is mostly 
associated with the third channel while the cell body channel plays a minor 
role here. Even though the cell body measurements account for more varia- 
tion in the data, this does not imply that these variables will be associated 
with predicting the segmentation quality. 

3.4 Dealing with Missing Values Al 
3.4 Dealing with Missing Values 
5 
In many cases, some predictors have no values for a given sample. These 
missing data could be structurally missing, such as the number of children a 
man has given birth to. In other cases, the value cannot or was not determined 
at the time of model building. 
It is important to understand why the values are missing. First and fore- 
most, it is important to know if the pattern of missing data is related to 
the outcome. This is called “informative missingness” since the missing data 
pattern is instructional on its own. Informative missingness can induce sig- 
nificant bias in the model. In the introductory chapter, a short example was 
given regarding predicting a patient’s response to a drug. Suppose the drug 
was extremely ineffective or had significant side effects. The patient may be 
likely to miss doctor visits or to drop out of the study. In this case, there 
clearly is a relationship between the probability of missing values and the 
treatment. Customer ratings can often have informative missingness; people 
are more compelled to rate products when they have strong opinions (good 
or bad). In this case, the data are more likely to be polarized by having few 
values in the middle of the rating scale. In the Netflix Prize machine learning 
competition to predict which movies people will like based on their previous 
ratings, the “Napoleon Dynamite Effect” confounded many of the contestants 
because people who did rate the movie Napoleon Dynamite either loved or 
hated it. 
Missing data should not be confused with censored data where the exact 
value is missing but something is known about its value. For example, a 
company that rents movie disks by mail may use the duration that a customer 
has kept a movie in their models. If a customer has not yet returned a movie, 
we do not know the actual time span, only that it is as least as long as the 
current duration. Censored data can also be common when using laboratory 
measurements. Some assays cannot measure below their limit of detection. 
In such cases, we know that the value is smaller than the limit but was not 
precisely measured. 
Are censored data treated differently than missing data? When building 
traditional statistical models focused on interpretation or inference, the cen- 
soring is usually taken into account in a formal manner by making assump- 
tions about the censoring mechanism. For predictive models, it is more com- 
mon to treat these data as simple missing data or use the censored value as 
the observed value. For example, when a sample has a value below the limit 
of detection, the actual limit can be used in place of the real value. For this 
situation, it is also common to use a random number between zero and the 
limit of detection. 
In our experience, missing values are more often related to predictor vari- 
ables than the sample. Because of this, amount of missing data may be con- 
centrated in a subset of predictors rather than occurring randomly across all 
the predictors. In some cases, the percentage of missing data is substantial 
enough to remove this predictor from subsequent modeling activities. 

42 | 3 Data Pre-processing 
There are cases where the missing values might be concentrated in specific 
samples. For large data sets, removal of samples based on missing values is 
not a problem, assuming that the missingness is not informative. In smaller 
data sets, there is a steep price in removing samples; some of the alternative 
approaches described below may be more appropriate. 
If we do not remove the missing data, there are two general approaches. 
First, a few predictive models, especially tree-based techniques, can specifi- 
cally account for missing data. These are discussed further in Chap. 8. 
Alternatively, missing data can be imputed. In this case, we can use in- 
formation in the training set predictors to, in essence, estimate the values 
of other predictors. This amounts to a predictive model within a predictive 
model. 
Imputation has been extensively studied in the statistical literature, but 
in the context of generating correct hypothesis testing procedures in the pres- 
ence of missing data. This is a separate problem; for predictive models we 
are concerned about accuracy of the predictions rather than making valid 
inferences. There is a small literature on imputation for predictive models. 
Saar-Tsechansky and Provost (2007b) examine the issue of missing values 
and delve into how specific models deal with the issue. Jerez et al. (2010) 
also look at a wide variety of imputation methods for a specific data set. 
As previously mentioned, imputation is just another layer of modeling 
where we try to estimate values of the predictor variables based on other 
predictor variables. The most relevant scheme for accomplishing this is to 
use the training set to built an imputation model for each predictor in the 
data set. Prior to model training or the prediction of new samples, missing 
values are filled in using imputation. Note that this extra layer of models adds 
uncertainty. If we are using resampling to select tuning parameter values or 
to estimate performance, the imputation should be incorporated within the 
resampling. This will increase the computational time for building models, 
but it will also provide honest estimates of model performance. 
If the number of predictors affected by missing values is small, an ex- 
ploratory analysis of the relationships between the predictors is a good idea. 
For example, visualizations or methods like PCA can be used to determine if 
there are strong relationships between the predictors. If a variable with miss- 
ing values is highly correlated with another predictor that has few missing 
values, a focused model can often be effective for imputation (see the example 
below). 
One popular technique for imputation is a AK-nearest neighbor model. 
A new sample is imputed by finding the samples in the training set “closest” 
to it and averages these nearby points to fill inthe value. Troyanskaya et al. 
(2001) examine this approach for high-dimensional data with small sample 
sizes. One advantage of this approach is that the imputed data are confined 
to be within the range of the training set values. One disadvantage is that the 
entire training set is required every time a missing value needs to be imputed. 
Also, the number of neighbors is a tuning parameter, as is the method for de- 

3.5 Removing Predictors 43 
=10 =O ©) OF WO) Ws 
: A |e eee : aS ie 3 (Ra 
minnie reds 2 SONNE als | (Pe Piinear Model hae HS - 
1255) eg *® 2 
® 
pO @ 
= ® ® 
= 055 eo” % 2 e & @e* @ ® 
=; 0.0 mid 8, e . A 
°° i. he 
-0.5 fp & 
@ e oe 
104 ¢ 2 ch 
a T T T 
=1.0' =O.9 OO @ 140 ike 
Original Value (centered and scaled) 
Fig. 3.9: After simulating 50 missing test set values at random for the cell 
perimeter data, two different imputation models were built with the training 
set and applied to the missing test set values. This plot shows the centered 
and scaled values before and after imputation 
termining “closeness” of two points. However, Troyanskaya et al. (2001) found 
the nearest neighbor approach to be fairly robust to the tuning parameters, 
as well as the amount of missing data. 
In Sect. 3.2, a predictor that measures the cell perimeter was used to illus- 
trate skewness (see Fig. 3.3). As an illustration, a 5-nearest neighbor model 
was created using the training set values. In the test set, missing values were 
randomly induced in 50 test set cell perimeter values and then imputed us- 
ing the model. Figure 3.9 shows a scatter plot of the samples set to missing. 
The left-hand panel shows the results of the 5-nearest neighbor approach. 
This imputation model does a good job predicting the absent samples; the 
correlation between the real and imputed values is 0.91. 
Alternatively, a simpler approach can be used to impute the cell perime- 
ter. The cell fiber length, another predictor associated with cell size, has a 
very high correlation (0.99) with the cell perimeter data. We can create a 
simple linear regression model using these data to predict the missing values. 
These results are in the right-hand panel of Fig. 3.9. For this approach, the 
correlation between the real and imputed values is 0.85. 
3.5 Removing Predictors 
There are potential advantages to removing predictors prior to modeling. 
First, fewer predictors means decreased computational time and complexity. 
Second, if two predictors are highly correlated, this implies that they are 

44 | 3 Data Pre-processing 
measuring the same underlying information. Removing one should not com- 
promise the performance of the model and might lead to a more parsimonious 
and interpretable model. Third, some models can be crippled by predictors 
with degenerate distributions. In these cases, there can be a significant im- 
provement in model performance and/or stability without the problematic 
variables. 
Consider a predictor variable that has a single unique value; we refer to 
this type of data as a zero variance predictor. For some models, such an un- 
informative variable may have little effect on the calculations. A tree-based 
model (Sects. 8.1 and 14.1) is impervious to this type of predictor since it 
would never be used in a split. However, a model such as linear regression 
would find these data problematic and is likely to cause an error in the com- 
putations. In either case, these data have no information and can easily be 
discarded. Similarly, some predictors might have only a handful of unique 
values that occur with very low frequencies. These “near-zero variance pre- 
dictors” may have a single value for the vast majority of the samples. 
Consider a text mining application where keyword counts are collected 
for a large set of documents. After filtering out commonly used “stop words,” 
such as the and of, predictor variables can be created for interesting keywords. 
Suppose a keyword occurs in a small group of documents but is otherwise 
unused. A hypothetical distribution of such a word count distribution is given 
in Table 3.1. Of the 531 documents that were searched, there were only four 
unique counts. The majority of the documents (523) do not have the key- 
word; while six documents have two occurrences, one document has three 
and another has six occurrences. Since 98% of the data have values of zero, 
a minority of documents might have an undue influence on the model. Also, 
if any resampling is used (Sect. 4.4), there is a strong possibility that one of 
the resampled data sets (Sect. 4.4) will only contain documents without the 
keyword, so this predictor would only have one unique value. 
How can the user diagnose this mode of problematic data? First, the num- 
ber of unique points in the data must be small relative to the number of 
samples. In the document example, there were 531 documents in the data 
set, but only four unique values, so the percentage of unique values is 0.8%. 
A small percentage of unique values is, in itself, not a cause for concern as 
many “dummy variables” (Sect. 3.6 below) generated from categorical pre- 
dictors would fit this description. The problem occurs when the frequency 
of these unique values is severely disproportionate. The ratio of the most 
common frequency to the second most common reflects the imbalance in 
the frequencies. Most of the documents in the data set (n = 523) do not 
have the keyword. After this, the most frequent case is documents with two 
occurrences (n = 6). The ratio of these frequencies, 523/6 = 87, is rather 
high and is indicative of a strong imbalance. 
Given this, a rule of thumb for detecting near-zero variance predictors is: 

3.5 Removing Predictors 45 
Table 3.1: A predictor describing the number of documents where a keyword 
occurred v 
# Documents 
Occurrences: 0 523 
Occurrences: 2 6 
Occurrences: 3 1 
Occurrences: 6 1 
e The fraction of unique values over the sample size is low (say 10%). 
e The ratio of the frequency of the most prevalent value to the frequency of 
the second most prevalent value is large (say around 20). 
If both of these criteria are true and the model in question is susceptible to 
this type of predictor, it may be advantageous to remove the variable from 
the model. 
Between-Predictor Correlations 
Collinearity is the technical term for the situation where a pair of pre- 
dictor variables have a substantial correlation with each other. It is also 
possible to have relationships between multiple predictors at once (called 
multicollinearity). 
For example, the cell segmentation data have a number of predictors that 
reflect the size of the cell. There are measurements of the cell perimeter, 
width, and length as well as other, more complex calculations. There are also 
features that measure cell morphology (i.e., shape), such as the roughness of 
the cell. 
Figure 3.10 shows a correlation matrix of the training set. Each pairwise 
correlation is computed from the training data and colored according to its 
magnitude. This visualization is symmetric: the top and bottom diagonals 
show identical information. Dark blue colors indicate strong positive corre- 
lations, dark red is used for strong negative correlations, and white implies 
no empirical relationship between the predictors. In this figure, the predictor 
variables have been grouped using a clustering technique (Everitt et al. 2011) 
so that collinear groups of predictors are adjacent to one another. Looking 
along the diagonal, there are blocks of strong positive correlations that indi- 
cate “clusters” of collinearity. Near the center of the diagonal is a large block 
of predictors from the first channel. These predictors are related to cell size, 
such as the width and length of the cell. 
When the data set consists of too many predictors to examine visually, 
techniques such as PCA can be used to characterize the magnitude of the 
problem. For example, if the first principal component accounts for a large 

46 3 Data Pre-processing 
Danten DensityStalusen3 Varintenstatus( ‘ 
hy Kurtiongn Stat 
Intenteoce Ronen en 
wequenoanslite nlvopyinien Status 
Pein Ellin seProlate se Area: 
each a 
see Nnighbaedargbra 
x t 3 ogeners. : 22 + oa 1 4 ee 2 3 Bt cecte: | Siteemeg | 03 B Fis rs Enguipsel 
Fig. 3.10: A visualization of the cell segmentation correlation matrix. The 
order of the variables is based on a clustering algorithm 
percentage of the variance, this implies that there is at least one group of pre- 
dictors that represent the same information. For example, Fig. 3.6 indicates 
that the first 3-4 components have relative contributions to the total vari- 
ance. This would indicate that there are at least 3—4 significant relationships 
between the predictors. The PCA loadings can be used to understand which 
predictors are associated with each component to tease out this relationships. 
In general, there are good reasons to avoid data with highly correlated 
predictors. First, redundant predictors frequently add more complexity to the 
model than information they provide to the model. In situations where ob- 
taining the predictor data is costly (either in time or money), fewer variables 
is obviously better. While this argument is mostly philosophical, there are 
mathematical disadvantages to having correlated predictor data. Using highly 
correlated predictors in techniques like linear regression can result in highly 
unstable models, numerical errors, and degraded predictive performance. 

3.6 Adding Predictors A7 
Classical regression analysis has several tools to diagnose multicollinearity 
for linear regression. Since collinear predictors can impact the variance of 
parameter estimates in this model, a statistic called the variance inflation 
factor (VIF) can be used to identify predictors that are impacted (Myers 
1994). Beyond linear regression, this method may be inadequate for several 
reasons: it was developed for linear models, it requires more samples than 
predictor variables, and, while it does identify collinear predictors, it does 
not determine which should be removed to resolve the problem. 
A less theoretical, more heuristic approach to dealing with this issue is 
to remove the minimum number of predictors to ensure that all pairwise 
correlations are below a certain threshold. While this method only identify 
collinearities in two dimensions, it can have a significantly positive effect on 
the performance of some models. 
The algorithm is as follows: 
1. Calculate the correlation matrix of the predictors. 
2. Determine the two predictors associated with the largest absolute pairwise 
correlation (call them predictors A and B). 
3. Determine the average correlation between A and the other variables. 
Do the same for predictor B. 
4. If A has a larger average correlation, remove it; otherwise, remove predic- 
tor-D. 
5. Repeat Steps 2—4 until no absolute correlations are above the threshold. 
The idea is to first remove the predictors that have the most correlated rela- 
tionships. 
Suppose we wanted to use a model that is particularly sensitive to between- 
predictor correlations, we might apply a threshold of 0.75. This means that we 
want to eliminate the minimum number of predictors to achieve all pairwise 
correlations less than 0.75. For the segmentation data, this algorithm would 
suggest removing 43 predictors. 
As previously mentioned, feature extraction methods (e.g., principal com- 
ponents) are another technique for mitigating the effect of strong correlations 
between predictors. However, these techniques make the connection between 
the predictors and the outcome more complex. Additionally, since signal ex- 
traction methods are usually unsupervised, there is no guarantee that the 
resulting surrogate predictors have any relationship with the outcome. 
3.6 Adding Predictors 
When a predictor is categorical, such as gender or race, it is common to 
decompose the predictor into a set of more specific variables. For example, 
the credit scoring data discussed in Sect.4.5 contains a predictor based on 
how much money was in the applicant’s savings account. These data were 

48 | 3 Data Pre-processing 
Table 3.2: A categorical predictor with five distinct groups from the credit 
scoring case study. The values are the amount in the savings account (in 
Deutsche Marks) 
Dummy variables 
Value n  <100 100-500 500-1,000 >1,000 Unknown 
<100 DM 103 it 0 0 0 0 
100-500 DM 603 0 1 0 0 0 
500-1,000 DM 48 0 0 1 0 0 
>1,000 DM 63 0 0 0 il 0 
0 0 0 0 it Unknown 183 
encoded into several groups, including a group for “unknown.” Table 3.2 shows 
the values of this predictor and the number of applicants falling into each bin. 
To use these data in models, the categories are re-encoded into smaller bits 
of information called “dummy variables.” Usually, each category get its own 
dumimy variable that is a zero/one indicator for that group. Table 3.2 shows 
the possible dummy variables for these data. Only four dummy variables are 
needed here; once you know the value of four of the dummy variables, the fifth 
can be inferred. However, the decision to include all of the dummy variables 
can depend on the choice of the model. Models that include an intercept term, 
such as simple linear regression (Sect.6.2), would have numerical issues if 
each dummy variable was included in the model. The reason is that, for each 
sample, these variables all add up to one and this would provide the same 
information as the intercept. If the model is insensitive to this type of issue, 
using the complete set of dummy variables would help improve interpretation 
of the model. 
Many of the models described in this text automatically generate highly 
complex, nonlinear relationships between the predictors and the outcome. 
More simplistic models do not unless the user manually specifies which pre- 
dictors should be nonlinear and in what way. For example, logistic regression 
is a well-known classification model that, by default, generates linear classi- 
fication boundaries. Figure 3.11 shows another illustrative example with two 
predictors and two classes. The left-hand panel shows the basic logistic re- 
gression classification boundaries when the predictors are added in the usual 
(linear) manner. The right-hand panel shows a logistic model with the basic 
linear terms and an additional term with the*square of predictor B. Since 
logistic regression is a well-characterized and stable model, using this model 
with some additional nonlinear terms may be preferable to highly complex 
techniques (which may overfit). 
Additionally, Forina et al. (2009) demonstrate one technique for augment- 
ing the prediction data with addition of complex combinations of the data. 

3.7 Binning Predictors 49 
Predictor B 
Predictor A 
Fig. 3.11: Classification boundaries from two logistic regression models. The 
left panel has linear terms for the two predictors while the right panel has an 
additional quadratic term for predictor B. This model is discussed in more 
detail in Chap. 12 
For classification models, they calculate the “class centreids,” which are the 
centers of the predictor data for each class. Then for each predictor, the dis- 
tance to each class centroid can be calculated and these distances can be 
added to the model. 
3.7 Binning Predictors 
While there are recommended techniques for pre-processing data, there are 
also methods to avoid. One common approach to simplifying a data set is 
to take a numeric predictor and pre-categorize or “bin” it into two or more 
groups prior to data analysis. For example, Bone et al. (1992) define a set 
of clinical symptoms to diagnose Systemic Inflammatory Response Syndrome 
(SIRS). SIRS can occur after a person is subjected to some sort of physical 
trauma (e.g., car crash). A simplified version of the clinical criteria for SIRS 
are: 
e Temperature less than 36°C or greater than 38°C. 
e Heart rate greater than 90 beats per minute. 
e Respiratory rate greater than 20 breaths per minute. 

50 | 3 Data Pre-processing 
e White blood cell count less than 4,000 cells/mm? or greater than 12,000 
cells/mm?. 
A person who shows two or more of these criteria would be diagnosed as 
having SIRS. 
The perceived advantages to this approach are: 
e The ability to make seemingly simple statements, either for sake of having 
a simple decision rule (as in the SIRS example) or the belief that there 
will be a simple interpretation of the model. 
e The modeler does not have to know the exact relationship between the 
predictors and the outcome. 
e A higher response rate for survey questions where the choices are binned. 
For example, asking the date of a person’s last tetanus shot is likely to 
have fewer responses than asking for a range (e.g., in the last 2 years, in 
the last 4 years). 
There are many issues with the manual binning of continuous data. First, 
there can be a significant loss of performance in the model. Many of the mod- 
eling techniques discussed in this text are very good at determining complex 
relationships between the predictors and outcomes. Manually binning the 
predictors limits this potential. Second, there is a loss of precision in the pre- 
dictions when the predictors are categorized. For example, if there are two 
binned predictors, only four combinations exist in the data set, so only sim- 
ple predictions can be made. Third, research has shown (Austin and Brunner 
2004) that categorizing predictors can lead to a high rate of false positives 
(i.e., noise predictors determined to be informative). 
Unfortunately, the predictive models that are most powerful are usually 
the least interpretable. The bottom line is that the perceived improvement in 
interpretability gained by manual categorization is usually offset by a signifi- 
cant loss in performance. Since this book is concerned with predictive models 
(where interpretation is not the primary goal), loss of performance should 
be avoided. In fact, in some cases it may be unethical to arbitrarily catego- 
rize predictors. For example, there is a great deal of research on predicting 
aspects of disease (e.g., response to treatment, screening patients). If a med- 
ical diagnostic is used for such important determinations, patients desire the 
most accurate prediction possible. As long as complex models are properly 
validated, it may be improper to use a model that is built for interpretation 
rather than predictive performance. 
Note that the argument here is related to the manual categorization of 
predictors prior to model building. There are. several models, such as clas- 
sification/regression trees and multivariate adaptive regression splines, that 
estimate cut points in the process of model building. The difference between 
these methodologies and manual binning is that the models use all the predic- 
tors to derive bins based on a single objective (such as maximizing accuracy). 
They evaluate many variables simultaneously and are usually based on sta- 
tistically sound methodologies. 

3.8 Computing 51 
3.8 Computing 
This section uses data from the AppliedPredictiveModeling package and 
functions from the caret, corrplot, e1071, and lattice packages. 
There are two locations where relevant R code can be found: 
e The chapters directory of the AppliedPredictiveModeling package contains 
specific code to reproduce the specific models used in the chapter. This is 
intended to allow the reader to see exactly how the models used here were 
created. 
e Many chapters in this book contain sections at the end of the chapter that 
detail how of the computations can be performed in R more generally. For 
example, there are individual functions that correspond to the data pre- 
processing methods shown in this chapter. While the computing section 
provides these details, the individual functions might not be used directly 
in practice. For example, when using the train function, the pre-processing 
steps are specified in a single argument and the individual functions are 
not utilized. These sections do relate to the models created in each chapter, 
but as discussion points for the functions. 
As such, the Computing sections in each chapter explains how to generally 
do the computations while the code in the chapters directory of the Ap- 
pliedPredictiveModeling package is the best source for the calculations for the 
specific models in each chapter. 
As discussed in Appendix B, there are a few useful R functions that can be 
used to find existing functions or classes of interest. The function apropos will 
search any loaded R packages for a given term. For example, to find functions 
for creating a confusion matrix within the currently loaded packages: 
> apropos ("confusion") 
[1] "confusionMatrix" "confusionMatrix.train" 
To find such a function in any package, the RSiteSearch function can help. 
Running the command: 
> RSiteSearch("confusion", restrict = "functions") 
will search online to find matches and will open a web browser to display the 
results. 
The raw segmentation data set is contained in the AppliedPredictiveMod- 
eling package.” To load the data set into R: 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(segmentationOriginal) 
There were fields that identified each cell (called ce11) and a factor vector 
that indicated which cells were well segmented (Class). The variable Case 
5 A preprocessed version of these data can also be found in the caret package and is 
used in later chapters. 

52 3 Data Pre-processing 
indicated which cells were originally used for the training and test sets. The 
analysis in this chapter focused on the training set samples, so the data are 
filtered for these cells: 
> segData <- subset (segmentationOriginal, Case == "Train") 
The Class and Cell fields will be saved into separate vectors, then removed 
from the main object: 
cellID <- segData$Cell 
class <- segData$Class 
case <- segData$Case 
# Now remove the columns 
segData <- segData[, -(1:3)] NGO” Na IM 
The original data contained several “status” columns which were binary ver- 
sions of the predictors. To remove these, we find the column names containing 
"Status" and remove them: 
> statusColNum <- grep("Status", names (segData) ) 
> statusColNum 
[1] 2 A On NOs di es O20) 22 Om eee oO NEO oe: 
[18]| 36 88 40 43° 44 46 4g" 51" 52> 55 (56) "59°60" 63) 64" 68 69 
[3515 70) 72> 73) 2 76 7S. 80s S26 34 S65 68 5192 93, 294297, 198 103 
{[52] 104 105 106 110 111 112 114 
> segData <- segData[, -statusColNum] 
Transformations 
As previously discussed, some features exhibited significantly skewness. The 
skewness function in the e1071 package calculates the sample skewness statis- 
tic for each predictor: 
Vv library (e1071) 
# For one predictor: 
skewness (segData$AngleCh1) 
[1] -0.0243 Vv 
> # Since all the predictors are numeric columns, the apply function can 
> # be used to compute the skewness across columns. 
> skewValues <- apply(segData, 2, skewness) 
> head (skewValues) 
AngleChi AreaChi AvgIntenChi AvgIntenCh2 AvgIntenCh3 AvgIntenCh4 
-0.0243 3.5251 2.9592 0.8482 2.2023 1.9005 
Using these values as a guide, the variables can be prioritized for visualizing 
the distribution. The basic R function hist or the histogram function in the 
lattice can be used to assess the shape of the distribution. 
To determine which type of transformation should be used, the MASS 
package contains the boxcox function. Although this function estimates \, it 

3.8 Computing 53 
does not create the transformed variable(s). A caret function, BoxCoxTrans, 
can find the appropriate transformation and apply them to the new data: 
> library(caret) 
> ChiAreaTrans <- BoxCoxTrans(segDatag$AreaCh1) 
> ChiAreaTrans 
Box-Cox Transformation 
1009 data points used to estimate Lambda 
Input data summary: 
Min. ist Qu. Median Mean 3rd Qu. Max. 
150 194 256 325 376 2190 
Largest/Smallest: 14.6 
Sample Skewness: 3.53 
Estimated Lambda: -0.9 
> # The original data 
> head(segDatag¢AreaCh1) 
[1] 819 431 298 256 258 358 
> # After transformation 
> predict (ChiAreaTrans, head(segDataf$AreaCh1) ) 
(1] 1.1085 1.1064 1.1045 1.1036 1.1036 1.1055 
PCOLo iGo = te) i=. 9) 
fel et OSs 
Another caret function, preProcess, applies this transformation to a set of 
predictors. This function is discussed below. The base R function prcomp can 
be used for PCA. In the code below, the data are centered and scaled prior 
to PCA. 
> pcaObject <- prcomp(segData, 
+ center = TRUE, scale. = TRUE) 
> # Calculate the cumulative percentage of variance which each component 
# accounts for. 
percentVariance <- pcaUbject$sd°2/sum(pcaUbject$sd~2)*100 
percentVariance[1:3] 
[Lala] 2xenatey” alife ate) alata) VVYV 
The transformed values are stored in pcaObject as a sub-object called x: 
> head(pcaObject$x[, 1:5]) 
PC1 PC¢2 PCS PC4 PC5 
2 5.099 4.551 =0,0335 =2.64 1.278 
3 -0.255 1.198 -1.0206 -3.73 0.999 
4 1.293 -1.864 -1.2511 -2.41 -1.491 
12 -1.465 -1.566 0.4696 -3.39 -0.330 
15 -0.876 -1.279 -1.3379 -3.52 0.394 
16 -0.862 -0.329 -0. 1555 -2°21 i473 

54 3 Data Pre-processing 
The another sub-object called rotation stores the variable loadings, where 
rows correspond to predictor variables and columns are associated with the 
components: 
> head(pcaObject$rotation[, 1:3]) 
PC1 PC2 PC3 
AngleCh1 0.00121 -0.0128 0.00682 
AreaCh1 0.22917 0.1606 0.08981 
AvgIntenChi -0.10271 0.1797 0.06770 
AvgIntenCh2 -0.15483 0.1638 0.07353 
AvgIntenCh3 -0.05804 0.1120 -0.18547 
AvgIntenCh4 -0.11734 0.2104 -0.10506 
The caret package class spatialSign contains functionality for the spatial sign 
transformation. Although we will not apply this technique to these data, the 
basic syntax would be spatialSign(segData). 
Also, these data do not have missing values for imputation. To impute 
missing values, the impute package has a function, impute.knn, that uses K- 
nearest neighbors to estimate the missing data. The previously mentioned 
preProcess function applies imputation methods based on K-nearest neigh- 
bors or bagged trees. 
To administer a series of transformations to multiple data sets, the caret 
class preProcess has the ability to transform, center, scale, or impute values, 
as well as apply the spatial sign transformation and feature extraction. The 
function calculates the required quantities for the transformation. After call- 
ing the preProcess function, the predict method applies the results to a set 
of data. For example, to Box—Cox transform, center, and scale the data, then 
execute PCA for signal extraction, the syntax would be: 
> trans’ <= preProcess (segData, 
+ method = c("BoxCox", "center", "scale", "pca")) 
> trans 
Cal: 
preProcess.default(x = segData, method = c("BoxCox", "center", 
"Seales UpGa))) 
Created from 1009 samples and 58 variables 
Pre-processing: Box-Cox transformation, centered, scaled, 
principal component signal extraction 
Lambda estimates for Box-Cox transformation: 
Min. ist Qu. Median Mean 3rd Qu. Max. NA's 
-2.00 -0.50 -0.10 0.05 Ons 2.00 Avail 
PCA needed 19 components to capture 95 percent of the variance 
# Apply the transformations: 
transformed <- predict(trans, segData) 
# These values are different than the previous PCA components since 
# they were transformed prior to PCA 
head(transformed[, 1:5]) WY WW OY 

3.8 Computing 55 
PC1 PC2 PC3. =PC4 PC5 
2 1.568 6.291 -0.333 -3.06 -1.342 
B “-0.666) 2.046. =1.449--4.70 -1.742 
4 3.750 -0.392 -0.669 -4.02 1.793 
12 0.377 -2.190 1.438 -5.33 -0.407 
15 1.064 -1.465 -0.990 -5.63 -0.865 
16 -0.380 0.217 0.439 -2.07 -1.936 
The order in which the possible transformation are applied is transformation, 
centering, scaling, imputation, feature extraction, and then spatial sign. 
Many of the modeling functions have options to center and scale prior 
to modeling. For example, when using the train function (discussed in later 
chapters), there is an option to use preProcess prior to modeling within the 
resampling iterations. 
Filtering 
To filter for near-zero variance predictors, the caret package function nearZero 
Var will return the column numbers of any predictors that fulfill the conditions 
outlined in Sect. 3.5. For the cell segmentation data, there are no problematic 
predictors: 
> nearZeroVar (segData) 
integer (0) 
> # When predictors should be removed, a vector of integers is 
> # returned that indicates which columns should be removed. 
Similarly, to filter on between-predictor correlations, the cor function can 
calculate the correlations between predictor variables: 
> correlations <- cor(segData) 
> dim(correlations) 
[1] 58 58 
> correlations[1:4, 1:4] 
AngleChi AreaChi AvgIntenChi AvgIntenCh2 
AngleChi 1.00000 -0.00263 -0.0430 -0.0194 
AreaCh1 -0.00263 1.00000 -0.0253 -0.1533 
AvgIntenChi -0.04301 -0.02530 1.0000 0.5252 
AvgIntenCh2 -0.01945 -0.15330 0.5252 1.0000 
To visually examine the correlation structure of the data, the corrplot pack- 
age contains an excellent function of the same name. The function has many 
options including one that will reorder the variables in a way that reveals 
clusters of highly correlated predictors. The following command was used to 
produce Fig. 3.10: 
> library(corrplot) 
> corrplot(correlations, order = "hcelust") 

56 3 Data Pre-processing 
The size and color of the points are associated with the strength of correlation 
between two predictor variables. 
To filter based on correlations, the findCorrelation function will apply the 
algorithm in Sect. 3.5. For a given threshold of pairwise correlations, the func- 
tion returns column numbers denoting the predictors that are recommended 
for deletion: 
> highCorr <- findCorrelation(correlations, cutoff = .75) 
> length (highCorr) 
[1] 33 
> head (highCorr) 
{1] 23 40 43 36 7 15 
> filteredSegData <- segData[, -highCorr] 
There are also several functions in the subselect package that can accomplish 
the same goal. 
Creating Dummy Variables 
Several methods exist for creating dummy variables based on a particular 
model. Section 4.9 discusses different methods for specifying how the predic- 
tors enter into the model. One approach, the formula method, allows great 
flexibility to create the model function. Using formulas in model functions pa- 
rameterizes the predictors such that not all categories have dummy variables. 
This approach will be shown in greater detail for linear regression. 
As previously mentioned, there are occasions when a complete set of 
dummy variables is useful. For example, the splits in a tree-based model 
are more interpretable when the dummy variables encode all the information 
for that predictor. We recommend using the full set if dummy variables when 
working with tree-based models. 
To illustrate the code, we will take a subset of the cars data set in the 
caret package. For 2005, Kelly Blue Book resale data for 804 GM cars were 
collected (Kuiper 2008). The object of the model was to predict the price of 
the car based on known characteristics. This demonstration will focus on the 
price, mileage, and car type (e.g., sedan) for a subset of vehicles: 
> head (carSubset) 
Price Mileage Type 
214 19981 24323 sedan 
299 21757 1853 sedan 
460 15047 12305 sedan 
728 A5327 4318 sedan 
162 20628 20770 sedan 
718 16714 26328 sedan 
> levels(carSubset$Type) 
{1] "convertible" "coupe" "hatchback" "sedan" "wagon" 

3.8 Computing 57 
To model the price as a function of mileage and type of car, we can use 
the function dummyVars to determine encodings for the predictors. Suppose 
our first model assumes that the price can be modeled as a simple additive 
function of the mileage and type: 
simpleMod <- dummyVars(~Mileage + Type, 
data = carSubset, 
## Remove the variable name from the 
## column name > 
+ 
+ 
a 
ct levelsOnly = TRUE) 
> simpleMod 
Dummy Variable Object 
Formula: “Mileage + Type 
2 variables, 1 factors 
Factor variable names will be removed 
To generate the dummy variables for the training set or any new samples, 
the predict method is used in conjunction with the dummyVars object: 
> predict (simpleMod, head(carSubset) ) 
Mileage convertible coupe hatchback sedan wagon 
214 24323 0 0 0 1 0 
299 1853 0 0 0 i 0 
460 12305 0 0 0 1 0 
728 4318 0 0 0 1 0 
162 20770 0 0 0 il 0 
718 26328 0 0 0 1 0 
The type field was expanded into five variables for five factor levels. The 
model is simple because it assumes that effect of the mileage is the same for 
every type of car. To fit a more advance model, we could assume that there 
is a joint effect of mileage and car type. This type of effect is referred to as 
an interaction. In the model formula, a colon between factors indicates that 
an interaction should be generated. For these data, this adds another five 
predictors to the data frame: 
> withInteraction <- dummyVars(“Mileage + Type + Mileage:Type, 
= data = carSubset, 
‘i 
> levelsOnly = TRUE) 
withInteraction 
Dummy Variable Object 
Formula: “Mileage + Type + Mileage:Type 
2 variables, 1 factors 
Factor variable names will be removed 
> predict (withInteraction, head(carSubset) ) 
Mileage convertible coupe hatchback sedan wagon Mileage:convertible 
214 24323 0 0 0 1 0 0 
299 1853 0 0 0 1 0 0 
460 12305 0 0 0) 1 0 0 
728 4318 0 0 0 1 0 0 

58 3 Data Pre-processing 
162 20770 0 Open 0 1 0 0 
718 26328 0 0 0 al 0 0 
Mileage:coupe Mileage:hatchback Mileage:sedan Mileage:wagon 
214 0 0 24323 0 
239 0 0 1853 0 
460 0 0 12305 0 
728 0 0 4318 0 
162 0 0 20770 0 
718 0 0 26328 0 
Exercises 
3.1. The UC Irvine Machine Learning Repository® contains a data set related 
to glass identification. The data consist of 214 glass samples labeled as one 
of seven class categories. There are nine predictors, including the refractive 
index and percentages of eight elements: Na, Mg, Al, Si, K, Ca, Ba, and Fe. 
The data can be accessed via: 
> library (mlbench) 
> data(Glass) 
> str(Glass) 
‘data.frame': 214 obs. of 10 variables: 
Ril Snume Le be bo Oe noes ne 
Nas) rium Le 6rsrOMisiS den tos 
Me : num 4.49 3.6 3.55 3.69 3.62 3.61 3.6 3.61 3.58 3.6 
Ales) num wale deel CGOm i moaee2Omle as dG ail Aad OSes OMe aee 
Shi, gayle Ls) (enh heel (ah eine! 
= snum | O06) Os438. Oso Orb CnbomONo4 Ofb3 TOR 57 On bo: Oebiigena 
Gay mim, Sib SS el(G eomeeo Ola OM ead Bm aet Om Cree meters 
Bae cemmminnO 0 ONOO ORO OONOMaEe 
Fe) 32) num) 0) 00000226: O00) 0.d4 
UNjoyere, INC Horo Te Mah AWenicevlis) MAGLI MT US UN Ses coat al gi alaska shecil._ PA 
PRA ARPA HPA AH aw 
(a) Using visualizations, explore the predictor variables to understand their 
distributions as well as the relationships between predictors. 
(b) Do there appear to be any outliers in the data? Are any predictors skewed? 
(c) Are there any relevant transformations of one or more predictors that 
might improve the classification model? 
3.2. The soybean data can also be found at the UC Irvine Machine Learning 
Repository. Data were collected to predict disease in 683 soybeans. The 35 
predictors are mostly categorical and include information on the environmen- 
tal conditions (e.g., temperature, precipitation) and plant conditions (e.g., left 
spots, mold growth). The outcome labels consist of 19 distinct classes. 
© http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/index.html. 

3.8 Computing 59 
The data can be loaded via: 
> library (mlbench) . 
> data (Soybean) 
> ## See ?Soybean for details 
(a) Investigate the frequency distributions for the categorical predictors. Are 
any of the distributions degenerate in the ways discussed earlier in this 
chapter? 
(b) Roughly 18% of the data are missing. Are there particular predictors that 
are more likely to be missing? Is the pattern of missing data related to 
the classes? 
(c) Develop a strategy for handling missing data, either by eliminating 
predictors or imputation. 
3.3. Chapter 5 introduces Quantitative Structure-Activity Relationship 
(QSAR) modeling where the characteristics of a chemical compound are used 
to predict other chemical properties. The caret package contains a QSAR 
data set from Mente and Lombardo (2005). Here, the ability of a chemical 
to permeate the blood-brain barrier was experimentally determined for 208 
compounds. 134 descriptors were measured for each compound. 
(a) Start R and use these commands to load the data: 
> library(caret) 
> data(BloodBrain) 
> # use 7BloodBrain to see more details 
The numeric outcome is contained in the vector logBBB while the predic- 
tors are in the data frame bbbDescr. 
(b) Do any of the individual predictors have degenerate distributions? 
(c) Generally speaking, are there strong relationships between the predic- 
tor data? If so, how could correlations in the predictor set be reduced? 
Does this have a dramatic effect on the number of predictors available for 
modeling? 

an hoe = 0 oO 
be OF i ‘“ye=ayrah Ko are. 
— @o) te “ohte sremaad ml 1G ho i a tat 

Chapter 4 
Over-Fitting and-Model Tuning 
Many modern classification and regression models are highly adaptable; they 
are capable of modeling complex relationships. However, they can very easily 
overemphasize patterns that are not reproducible. Without a methodological 
approach to evaluating models, the modeler will not know about the problem 
until the next set of samples are predicted. 
Over-fitting has been discussed in the fields of forecasting (Clark 2004), 
medical research (Simon et al. 2003; Steyerberg 2010), chemometrics (Gowen 
et al. 2010; Hawkins 2004; Defernez and Kemsley 1997), meteorology (Hsieh 
and Tang 1998), finance (Dwyer 2005), and marital research (Heyman and 
Slep 2001) to name a few. These references illustrate that over-fitting is a 
concern for any predictive model regardless of field of research. The aim of this 
chapter is to explain and illustrate key principles of laying a foundation onto 
which trustworthy models can be built and subsequently used for prediction. 
More specifically, we will describe strategies that enable us to have confidence 
that the model we build will predict new samples with a similar degree of 
accuracy on the set of data for which the model was evaluated. Without this 
confidence, the model’s predictions are useless. 
On a practical note, all model building efforts are constrained by the exist- 
ing data. For many problems, the data may have a limited number of samples, 
may be of less-than-desirable quality, and/or may be unrepresentative of fu- 
ture samples. While there are ways to build predictive models on small data 
sets, which we will describe in this chapter, we will assume that data quality 
is sufficient and that it is representative of the entire sample population. 
Working under these assumptions, we must use the data at hand to find 
the best predictive model. Almost all predictive modeling techniques have 
tuning parameters that enable the model to flex to find the structure in 
the data. Hence, we must use the existing data to identify settings for the 
model’s parameters that yield the best and most realistic predictive perfor- 
mance (known as model tuning). Traditionally, this has been achieved by 
splitting the existing data into training and test sets. The training set is used 
to build and tune the model and the test set is used to estimate the model’s 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 61 
DOI 10.1007 /978-1-4614-6849-3_4, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

62 . 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
predictive performance. Modern approaches to model building split the data 
into multiple training and testing sets, which have been shown to often find 
more optimal tuning parameters and give a more accurate representation of 
the model’s predictive performance. 
To begin this chapter we will illustrate the concept of over-fitting through 
an easily visualized example. To avoid over-fitting, we propose a general 
model building approach that encompasses model tuning and model evalua- 
tion with the ultimate goal of finding the reproducible structure in the data. 
This approach entails splitting existing data into distinct sets for the purposes 
of tuning model parameters and evaluating model performance. The choice 
of data splitting method depends on characteristics of the existing data such 
as its size and structure. In Sect. 4.4, we define and explain the most versa- 
tile data splitting techniques and explore the advantages and disadvantages 
of each. Finally, we end the chapter with a computing section that provides 
code for implementing the general model building strategy. 
4.1 The Problem of Over-Fitting 
There now exist many techniques that can learn the structure of a set of data 
so well that when the model is applied to the data on which the model was 
built, it correctly predicts every sample. In addition to learning the general 
patterns in the data, the model has also learned the characteristics of each 
sample's unique noise. This type of model is said to be over-fit and will usually 
have poor accuracy when predicting a new sample. To illustrate over-fitting 
and other concepts in this chapter, consider the simple classification example 
in Fig. 4.1 that has two predictor variables (i.e., independent variables). These 
data contain 208 samples that are designated either as “Class 1” or “Class 2.” 
The classes are fairly balanced; there are 111 samples in the first class and 97 
in the second. Furthermore, there is a significant overlap between the classes 
which is often the case for most applied modeling problems. 
One objective for a data set such as this would be to develop a model to 
classify new samples. In this two-dimensional example, the classification mod- 
els or rules can be represented by boundary lines. Figure 4.2 shows example 
class boundaries from two distinct classification models. The lines envelop the 
area where each model predicts the data to be the second class (blue squares). 
The left-hand panel (“Model #1”) shows a boundary that is complex and at- 
tempts to encircle every possible data point. The pattern in this panel is not 
likely to generalize to new data. The right-hand panel shows an alternative 
model fit where the boundary is fairly smooth and does not overextend itself 
to correctly classify every data point in the training set. 
To gauge how well the model is classifying samples, one might use the 
training set. In doing so, the estimated error rate for the model in the left- 
hand panel would be overly optimistic. Estimating the utility of a model 

4.1 The Problem of Over-Fitting 63 
Class 1 @ Class 2 @ 
Predictor B 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 
Predictor A 
Fig. 4.1: An example of classification data that is used throughout the chapter 
Class 1 ® Class 2 @ 
Predictor B 
0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 
Predictor A 
Fig. 4.2: An example of a training set with two classes and two predictors. 
The panels show two different classification models and their associated class 
boundaries 

64 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
by re-predicting the training set is referred to apparent performance of the 
model (e.g., the apparent error rate). In two dimensions, it is not difficult to 
visualize that one model is over-fitting, but most modeling problems are in 
much higher dimensions. In these situations, it is very important to have a 
tool for characterizing how much a model is over-fitting the training data. 
4.2 Model Tuning 
Many models have important parameters which cannot be directly estimated 
from the data. For example, in the A-nearest neighbor classification model, 
a new sample is predicted based on the K-closest data points in the training 
set. An illustration of a 5-nearest neighbor model is shown in Fig. 4.3. Here, 
two new samples (denoted by the solid dot and filled triangle) are being 
predicted. One sample (e) is near a mixture of the two classes; three of the 
five neighbors indicate that the sample should be predicted as the first class. 
The other sample (A) has all five points indicating the second class should 
be predicted. The question remains as to how many neighbors should be 
used. A choice of too few neighbors may over-fit the individual points of the 
training set while too many neighbors may not be sensitive enough to yield 
Class 1 ) Class2 g@ 
Predictor B 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 
Predictor A 
Fig. 4.3: The A-nearest neighbor classification model. Two new points, sym- 
bolized by filled triangle and solid dot, are predicted using the training set 

4.2 Model Tuning 65 
reasonable performance. This type of model parameter is referred to as a 
tuning parameter because there is no analytical formula available to calculate 
an appropriate value. x 
Several models discussed in this text have at least one tuning parameter. 
Since many of these parameters control the complexity of the model, poor 
choices for the values can result in over-fitting. Figure 4.2 illustrates this 
point. A support vector machine (Sect. 13.4) was used to generate the class 
boundaries in each panel. One of the tuning parameters for this model sets 
the price for misclassified samples in the training set and is generally referred 
to as the “cost” parameter. When the cost is large, the model will go to great 
lengths to correctly label every point (as in the left panel) while smaller 
values produce models that are not as aggressive. The class boundary in 
the left panel was created by manually setting the cost parameter to a very 
high number. In the right panel, the cost value was determined using cross- 
validation (Sect. 4.4). 
There are different approaches to searching for the best parameters. A gen- 
eral approach that can be applied to almost any model is to define a set of 
candidate values, generate reliable estimates of model utility across the can- 
didates values, then choose the optimal settings. A flowchart of this process 
is shown in Fig. 4.4. 
Once a candidate set of parameter values has been selected, then we must 
obtain trustworthy estimates of model performance. The performance on the 
hold-out samples is then aggregated into a performance profile which is then 
used to determine the final tuning parameters. We then build a final model 
with all of the training data using the selected tuning parameters. Using 
the K-nearest neighbor example to illustrate the procedure of Fig. 4.4, the 
candidate set might include all odd values of kK between 1 and 9 (odd values 
are used in the two-class situation to avoid ties). The training data would then 
be resampled and evaluated many times for each tuning parameter value. 
These results would then be aggregated to find the optimal value of Kk. 
The procedure defined in Fig. 4.4 uses a set of candidate models that are 
defined by the tuning parameters. Other approaches such as genetic algo- 
rithms (Mitchell 1998) or simplex search methods (Olsson and Nelson 1975) 
can also find optimal tuning parameters. These procedures algorithmically 
determine appropriate values for tuning parameters and iterate until they ar- 
rive at parameter settings with optimal performance. These techniques tend 
to evaluate a large number of candidate models and can be superior to a 
defined set of tuning parameters when model performance can be efficiently 
calculated. Cohen et al. (2005) provides a comparison of search routines for 
tuning a support vector machine model. 
A more difficult problem is obtaining trustworthy estimates of model per- 
formance for these candidate models. As previously discussed, the apparent 
error rate can produce extremely optimistic performance estimates. A bet- 
ter approach is to test the model on samples that were not used for training. 

66 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
Define a set of candidate 
values for tuning 
parameter(s) 
Predict Resample ire | 
-\ Hold-outs | | Data 
Aggregate the resampling 
into a performance profile 
Determine the final 
tuning parameters 
Using the final tuning 
parameters, refit the 
model with the entire 
training set 
Fig. 4.4: A schematic of the parameter tuning process. An example of a 
candidate set of tuning parameter values for K-nearest neighbors might be 
odd numbers between | and 9. For each of these values, the data would be 
resampled multiple times to assess model performance for each value 
Evaluating the model on a test set is the obvious choice, but, to get reasonable 
precision of the performance values, the size of the test set may need to be 
large. 
An alternate approach to evaluating a model on a single test set is to 
resample the training set. This process uses several modified versions of the 
training set to build multiple models and then uses statistical methods to 
provide honest estimates of model performance (i.e., not overly optimistic). 
Section 4.4 illustrates several resampling techniques, and Sect. 4.6 discusses 
approaches to choose the final parameters using the resampling results. 

4.3 Data Splitting 67 
4.3 Data Splitting 
Now that we have outlined the general procedure for finding optimal tuning 
parameters, we turn to discussing the heart of the process: data splitting. 
A few of the common steps in model building are: 
Pre-processing the predictor data 
Estimating model parameters 
Selecting predictors for the model 
Evaluating model performance 
Fine tuning class prediction rules (via ROC curves, etc.) 
Given a fixed amount of data, the modeler must decide how to “spend” their 
data points to accommodate these activities. 
One of the first decisions to make when modeling is to decide which samples 
will be used to evaluate performance. Ideally, the model should be evaluated 
on samples that were not used to build or fine-tune the model, so that they 
provide an unbiased sense of model effectiveness. When a large amount of 
data is at hand, a set of samples can be set aside to evaluate the final model. 
The “training” data set is the general term for the samples used to create the 
model, while the “test” or “validation” data set is used to qualify performance. 
However, when the number of samples is not large, a strong case can 
be made that a test set should be avoided because every sample may be 
needed for model building. Additionally, the size of the test set may not 
have sufficient power or precision to make reasonable judgements. Several 
researchers (Molinaro 2005; Martin and Hirschberg 1996; Hawkins et al. 2003) 
show that validation using a single test set can be a poor choice. Hawkins 
et al. (2003) concisely summarize this point: “holdout samples of tolerable size 
[...]| do not match the cross-validation itself for reliability in assessing model 
fit and are hard to motivate.” Resampling methods, such as cross-validation, 
can be used to produce appropriate estimates of model performance using the 
training set. These are discussed in length in Sect. 4.4. Although resampling 
techniques can be misapplied, such as the example shown in Ambroise and 
McLachlan (2002), they often produce performance estimates superior to a 
single test set because they evaluate many alternate versions of the data. 
If a test set is deemed necessary, there are several methods for splitting 
the samples. Nonrandom approaches to splitting the data are sometimes 
appropriate. For example, 
e If a model was being used to predict patient outcomes, the model may be 
created using certain patient sets (e.g., from the same clinical site or disease 
stage), and then tested on a different sample population to understand how 
well the model generalizes. 
e Inchemical modeling for drug discovery, new “chemical space” is constantly 
being explored. We are most interested in accurate predictions in the chem- 
ical space that is currently being investigated rather than the space that 

68 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
was evaluated years prior. The same could be said for spam filtering; it 
is more important for the model to catch the new spamming techniques 
rather than prior spamming schemes. 
However, in most cases, there is the desire to make the training and test sets 
as homogeneous as possible. Random sampling methods can be used to create 
similar data sets. 
The simplest way to split the data into a training and test set is to take a 
simple random sample. This does not control for any of the data attributes, 
such as the percentage of data in the classes. When one class has a dispro- 
portionately small frequency compared to the others, there is a chance that 
the distribution of the outcomes may be substantially different between the 
training and test sets. 
To account for the outcome when splitting the data, stratified random 
sampling applies random sampling within subgroups (such as the classes). 
In this way, there is a higher likelihood that the outcome distributions will 
match. When the outcome is a number, a similar strategy can be used; the 
numeric values are broken into similar groups (e.g., low, medium, and high) 
and the randomization is executed within these groups. 
Alternatively, the data can be split on the basis of the predictor values. 
Willett (1999) and Clark (1997) propose data splitting based on maximum 
dissimilarity sampling. Dissimilarity between two samples can be measured 
in a number of ways. The simplest method is to use the distance between 
the predictor values for two samples. If the distance is small, the points are 
in close proximity. Larger distances between points are indicative of dissim- 
ilarity. To use dissimilarity as a tool for data splitting, suppose the test set 
is initialized with a single sample. The dissimilarity between this initial sam- 
ple and the unallocated samples can be calculated. The unallocated sample 
that is most dissimilar would then be added to the test set. To allocate more 
samples to the test set, a method is needed to determine the dissimilarities 
between groups of points (i.e., the two in the test set and the unallocated 
points). One approach is to use the average or minimum of the dissimilari- 
ties. For example, to measure the dissimilarities between the two samples in 
the test set and a single unallocated point, we can determine the two dissim- 
ilarities and average them. The third point added to the test set would be 
chosen as having the maximum average dissimilarity to the existing set. This 
process would continue until the targeted test set size is achieved. 
Figure 4.5 illustrates this process for the example classification data. Dis- 
similarity sampling was conducted separately within each class. First, a sam- 
ple within each class was chosen to start the process (designated as @ and 
® in the figure). The dissimilarity of the initial sample to the unallocated 
samples within the class was computed and the most dissimilar point was 
added to the test set. For the first class, the most dissimilar point was in the 
extreme Southwest of the initial sample. On the second round, the dissimilar- 
ities were aggregated using the minimum (as opposed to the average). Again, 

4.4 Resampling Techniques 69 
Class 1 @ Class2 8 Class1 e Class2 g 
aS L \ | 
@ ‘ i?) 
14 r 
E064 19 11 
a 1] faa] 6 5) 8 
ro) 5 rs) rc we OS 3 - 
5 3 e 7 ro) ® 10 
o = 4 Aa ig 1113 B 9 
ee 0.2 4 11 7 IL 
4 12 
2 6 
O0iet 1 ue os 1 7 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 
Predictor A ’ Predictor A 
Fig. 4.5: An example of maximum dissimilarity sampling to create a test set. 
After choosing an initial sample within a class, 14 more samples were added 
for the first class, the chosen point was far in the Northeast of the predictor 
space. As the sampling proceeds, samples were selected on the periphery of 
the data then work inward. 
Martin et al. (2012) compares different methods of splitting data, including 
random sampling, dissimilarity sampling, and other methods. 
4.4 Resampling Techniques 
Generally, resampling techniques for estimating model performance operate 
similarly: a subset of samples are used to fit a model and the remaining sam- 
ples are used to estimate the efficacy of the model. This process is repeated 
multiple times and the results are aggregated and summarized. The differ- 
ences in techniques usually center around the method in which subsamples 
are chosen. We will consider the main flavors of resampling in the next few 
subsections. 
k-Fold Cross- Validation 
The samples are randomly partitioned into k sets of roughly equal size. A 
model is fit using the all samples except the first subset (called the first 
fold). The held-out samples are predicted by this model and used to estimate 
performance measures. The first subset is returned to the training set and 

70 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
procedure repeats with the second subset held out, and so on. The k resam- 
pled estimates of performance are summarized (usually with the mean and 
standard error) and used to understand the relationship between the tuning 
parameter(s) and model utility. The cross-validation process with k = 3 is 
depicted in Fig. 4.6. 
A slight variant of this method is to select the & partitions in a way that 
makes the folds balanced with respect to the outcome (Kohavi 1995). Strati- 
fied random sampling, previously discussed in Sect. 4.3, creates balance with 
respect to the outcome. 
Another version, leave-one-out cross-validation (LOOCYV), is the special 
case where k is the number of samples. In this case, since only one sam- 
ple is held-out at a time, the final performance is calculated from the k in- 
dividual held-out predictions. Additionally, repeated k-fold cross-validation 
replicates the procedure in Fig.4.6 multiple times. For example, if 10-fold 
cross-validation was repeated five times, 50 different held-out sets would be 
used to estimate model efficacy. 
The choice of k is usually 5 or 10, but there is no formal rule. As k gets 
larger, the difference in size between the training set and the resampling 
subsets gets smaller. As this difference decreases, the bias of the technique 
becomes smaller (i.e., the bias is smaller for k = 10 than k = 5). In this 
context, the bias is the difference between the estimated and true values of 
performance. 
Another important aspect of a resampling technique is the uncertainty 
(i.e., variance or noise). An unbiased method may be estimating the correct 
value (e.g., the true theoretical performance) but may pay a high price in 
uncertainty. This means that repeating the resampling procedure may pro- 
duce a very different value (but done enough times, it will estimate the true 
value). k-fold cross-validation generally has high variance compared to other 
methods and, for this reason, might not be attractive. It should be said that 
for large training sets, the potential issues with variance and bias become 
negligible. 
From a practical viewpoint, larger values of k are more computationally 
burdensome. In the extreme, LOOCV is most computationally taxing because 
it requires as many model fits as data points and each model fit uses a subset 
that is nearly the same size of the training set. Molinaro (2005) found that 
leave-one-out and k =10-fold cross-validation yielded similar results, indicat- 
ing that #& = 10 is more attractive from the perspective of computational 
efficiency. Also, small values of k, say 2 or 3, have high bias but are very 
computationally efficient. However, the bias that comes with small values of 
kis about the same as the bias produced by the bootstrap (see below), but 
with much larger variance. 
Research (Molinaro 2005; Kim 2009) indicates that repeating k-fold cross- 
validation can be used to effectively increase the precision of the estimates 
while still maintaining a small bias. 

4.4 Resampling Techniques al 
Original Data OvHNeneokh# ue 
“Build Model With Predict On 
CV Group #1 BOON ee eo¢Hwe 
CVGroup #2 @@ BO We @ © HOO 
CVGroup #3 @@HOBOOM He oe 
Fig. 4.6: A schematic of threefold cross-validation. Twelve training set sam- 
ples are represented as symbols and are allocated to three groups. These 
groups are left out in turn as models are fit. Performance estimates, such as 
the error rate or R? are calculated from each set of held-out samples. The aver- 
age of the three performance estimates would be the cross-validation estimate 
of model performance. In practice, the number of samples in the held-out sub- 
sets can vary but are roughly equal size 
Generalized Cross- Validation 
For linear regression models, there is a formula for approximating the leave- 
one-out error rate. The generalized cross-validation (GCV) statistic (Golub 
et al. 1979) does not require iterative refitting of the model to different data 
subsets. The formula for this statistic is the 7;, training set outcome 
Lf yi bi \ GCV = — ———} , n > (; ~ f) ah 
where y; is the i‘” in the training set set outcome, g; is the model prediction 
of that outcome, and df is the degrees of freedom of the model. The degrees 
of freedom are an accounting of how many parameters are estimated by the 
model and, by extension, a measure of complexity for linear regression models. 
Based on this equation, two models with the same sums of square errors (the 
numerator) would have different GCV values if the complexities of the models 
were different. 
Repeated Training/Test Splits 
Repeated training/test splits is also known as “leave-group-out cross- 
validation” or “Monte Carlo cross-validation.” This technique simply creates 
multiple splits of the data into modeling and prediction sets (see Fig. 4.7). 
The proportion of the data going into each subset is controlled by the prac- 
titioner as is the number of repetitions. As previously discussed, the bias 

2 . 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
Original Data OV MOROCCO & o 
Build Model With Predict On 
CV Group #1 ono # # ¥ OO’ 
CV Group #2 ov eo0 Ol 8 ee 
CV Group B *HOHEHes eoo8 
Fig. 4.7: A schematic of B repeated training and test set partitions. Twelve 
training set samples are represented as symbols and are allocated to B subsets 
that are 2/3 of the original training set. One difference between this procedure 
and k-fold cross-validation are that samples can be represented in multiple 
held-out subsets. Also, the number of repetitions is usually larger than in 
k-fold cross-validation 
of the resampling technique decreases as the amount of data in the subset 
approaches the amount in the modeling set. A good rule of thumb is about 
75-80%. Higher proportions are a good idea if the number of repetitions 
is large. 
The number of repetitions is important. Increasing the number of subsets 
has the effect of decreasing the uncertainty of the performance estimates. 
For example, to get a gross estimate of model performance, 25 repetitions will 
be adequate if the user is willing to accept some instability in the resulting 
values. However, to get stable estimates of performance, it is suggested to 
choose a larger number of repetitions (say 50-200). This is also a function 
of the proportion of samples being randomly allocated to the prediction set; 
the larger the percentage, the more repetitions are needed to reduce the 
uncertainty in the performance estimates. 
The Bootstrap 
A bootstrap sample is a random sample of the data taken with replace- 
ment (Efron and Tibshirani 1986). This means that, after a data point is 
selected for the subset, it is still available for further selection. The bootstrap 
sample is the same size as the original data set. As a result, some samples 
will be represented multiple times in the bootstrap sample while others will 
not be selected at all. The samples not selected are usually referred to as the 
“out-of-bag” samples. For a given iteration of bootstrap resampling, a model 
is built on the selected samples and is used to predict the out-of-bag samples 
(Fig. 4.8). 
In general, bootstrap error rates tend to have less uncertainty than k-fold 
cross-validation (Efron 1983). However, on average, 63.2% of the data points 
the bootstrap sample are represented at least once, so this technique has bias 

4.5 Case Study: Credit Scoring 73 
OriginalData QOH WOOO ws & & 
* Build Model With Predict On 
Bootstrap #1 OPH HBROORMMe | Ove 
Bootstrap #2 oes tC) Cee ye es: a w& @ 
scostep®? | PRB EEEeeeeee | C@CO@ 
Fig. 4.8: A schematic of bootstrap resampling. Twelve training set samples 
are represented as symbols and are allocated to B subsets. Each subset is 
the same size as the original and can contain multiple instances of the same 
data point. Samples not selected by the bootstrap are predicted and used to 
estimate model performance 
similar to k-fold cross-validation when k ~ 2. If the training set size is small, 
this bias may be problematic, but will decrease as the training set sample 
size becomes larger. 
A few modifications of the simple bootstrap procedure have been devised 
to eliminate this bias. The “632 method” (Efron 1983) addresses this issue by 
creating a performance estimate that is a combination of the simple boot- 
strap estimate and the estimate from re-predicting the training set (e.g., the 
apparent error rate). For example, if a classification model was characterized 
by its error rate, the 632 method would use 
(0.632 x simple bootstrap estimate) + (0.368 x apparent error rate). 
The modified bootstrap estimate reduces the bias, but can be unstable with 
small samples sizes. This estimate can also result in unduly optimistic results 
when the model severely over-fits the data, since the apparent error rate will 
be close to zero. Efron and Tibshirani (1997) discuss another technique, called 
the “632+ method,” for adjusting the bootstrap estimates. 
4.5 Case Study: Credit Scoring 
A straightforward application of predictive models is credit scoring. Existing 
data can be used to create a model to predict the probability that applicants 
have good credit. This information can be used to quantify the risk to the 
lender. 
The German credit data set is a popular tool for benchmarking machine 
learning algorithms. It contains 1,000 samples that have been given labels 
of good and bad credit. In the data set, 70% were rated as having good 

74 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
credit. As discussed in Sect. 11.2, when evaluating the accuracy of a model, 
the baseline accuracy rate to beat would be 70% (which we could achieve by 
simply predicting all samples to have good credit). 
Along with these outcomes, data were collected related to credit history, 
employment, account status, and so on. Some predictors are numeric, such as 
the loan amount. However, most of the predictors are categorical in nature, 
such as the purpose of the loan, gender, or marital status. The categorical 
predictors were converted to “dummy variables” that related to a single cat- 
egory. For example, the applicant’s residence information was categorized as 
either “rent,” “own,” or “free housing.” This predictor would be converted to 
three yes/no bits of information for each category. For example, one predic- 
tor would have a value of one if the applicant rented and is zero otherwise. 
Creation of dummy variables is discussed at length in Sect. 3.6. In all, there 
were 41 predictors used to model the credit status of an individual. 
We will use these data to demonstrate the process of tuning models us- 
ing resampling, as defined in Fig.4.4. For illustration, we took a stratified 
random sample of 800 customers to use for training models. The remaining 
samples will be used as a test set to verify performance when a final model is 
determined. Section 11.2 will discuss the results of the test set in more detail. 
4.6 Choosing Final Tuning Parameters 
Once model performance has been quantified across sets of tuning parame- 
ters, there are several philosophies on how to choose the final settings. The 
simplest approach is to pick the settings associated with the numerically best 
performance estimates. 
For the credit scoring example, a nonlinear support vector machine model! 
was evaluated over cost values ranging from 2~? to 2”. Each model was eval- 
uated using five repeats of 10-fold cross-validation. Figure 4.9 and Table 4.1 
show the accuracy profile across the candidate values of the cost parameter. 
For each model, cross-validation generated 50 different estimates of the accu- 
racy; the solid points in Fig. 4.9 are the average of these estimates. The bars 
reflect the average plus/minus two-standard errors of the mean. The pro- 
file shows an increase in accuracy until the cost value is one. Models with 
cost values between 1 and 16 are relatively constant; after which, the accu- 
racy decreases (likely due to over-fitting). The numerically optimal value of 
the cost parameter is 8, with a corresponding accuracy rate of 75%. Notice 
that the apparent accuracy rate, determined by re-predicting the training set 
samples, indicates that the model improves as the cost is increased, although 
more complex models over-fit the training set. 
' This model uses a radial basis function kernel, defined in Sect. 13.4. Although not 
explored here, we used the analytical approach discussed later for determining the 
kernel parameter and fixed this value for all resampling techniques. 

4.6 Choosing Final Tuning Parameters 75 
Apparent = Cross-Validated e 
=) ee joe aoe a es 
1.00 
0.95 
> 
1e) 
© 0.90 D 
oO 
< 5 0.85 - o 
E 3 O80") 
0.70 4 
I Si T 
2-2 240 242 244 246 
Cost 
Fig. 4.9: The performance profile of a radial basis function support vec- 
tor machine for the credit scoring example over different values of the cost 
parameter. The vertical lines indicate + two-standard errors of the accuracy 
In general, it may be a good idea to favor simpler models over more 
complex ones and choosing the tuning parameters based on the numerically 
optimal value may lead to models that are overly complicated. Other schemes 
for choosing less complex models should be investigated as they might lead 
to simpler models that provide acceptable performance (relative to the nu- 
merically optimal settings). 
The “one-standard error” method for choosing simpler models finds the nu- 
merically optimal value and its corresponding standard error and then seeks 
the simplest model whose performance is within a single standard error of 
the numerically best value. This procedure originated with classification and 
regression trees (Breiman et al. (1984) and Sects. 8.1 and 14.1). In Fig. 4.10, 
the standard error of the accuracy values when the cost is 8 is about 0.7%. 
This technique would find the simplest tuning parameter settings associated 
with accuracy no less than 74.3% (75 %—0.7 %). This procedure would choose 
a value of 2 for the cost parameter. 
Another approach is to choose a simpler model that is within a certain 
tolerance of the numerically best value. The percent decrease in performance 
could be quantified by (X — O)/O where X is the performance value and O 
is the numerically optimal value. For example, in Fig. 4.9, the best accuracy 
value across the profile was 75%. If a 4% loss in accuracy was acceptable as 
a trade-off for a simpler model, accuracy values greater than 71.2% would 

76 . 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
Table 4.1: Repeated cross-validation accuracy results for the support vector 
machine model 
Resampled accuracy (%) 
Cost Mean Std. error % Tolerance 
0.25 70.0 0.0 6:01 
0.50 71.3 2 —4.90 
1.00 74.0 0.5 —las 
2.00 74.5 evi —0.63 
4.00 74.1 Waris =1:20 
8.00 75.0 0.7 0.00 
16.00 74.9 0.8 =0.13 
32:00. 72.5 On7 —3.40 
64.00 72.0 0.8 Ane 
128.00.° 672.0 0.8 —4,07 
The one-standard error rule would select the simplest model with accuracy no less 
than 74.3% (75 %-0.7 %). This corresponds to a cost value of 2. The “pick-the-best” 
solution is shown in bold 
be acceptable. For the profile in Fig. 4.9, a cost value of 1 would be chosen 
using this approach. 
As an illustration, additional resampling methods were applied to the same 
data: repeated 10-fold cross-validation, LOOCV, the bootstrap (with and 
without the 632 adjustment), and repeated training/test splits (with 20% 
held-out). The latter two methods used 50 resamples to estimate performance. 
The results are shown in Fig. 4.10. A common pattern within the cross- 
validation methods is seen where accuracy peaks at cost values between 4 
and 16 and stays roughly constant within this window. 
In each case, performance rapidly increases with the cost value and then, 
after the peak, decreases at a slower rate as over-fitting begins to occur. 
The cross-validation techniques estimate the accuracy to be between 74.5% 
and 76.6%. Compared to the other methods, the simple bootstrap is slightly 
pessimistic, estimating the accuracy to be 74.2% while the 632 rule appears 
to overcompensate for the bias and estimates the accuracy to be 82.3%. 
Note that the standard error bands of the simple 10-fold cross-validation 
technique are larger than the other methods, mostly because the standard 
error is a function of the number of resamples used (10 versus the 50 used by 
the bootstrap or repeated splitting). 
The computational times varied considerably. The fastest was 10-fold 
cross-validation, which clocked in at 0.82 min. Repeated cross-validation, the 
bootstrap, and repeated training-test splits fit the same number of models 
and, on average, took about 5-fold more time to finish. LOOCV, which fits 
as many models as there are samples in the training set, took 86-fold longer 
and should only be considered when the number of samples is very small. 

4.7 Data Splitting Recommendations ai 
Bootstrap b> 1.) Bootstrap 632 
10-fold Cross—Validation Repeated 10-fold Cross—Validation 
> 
© = =] 0.80 
oO 
oO 
< : 4 O75 
Qa 
= 
D 2 = Zao) 
o 
Leave One Out Cross Validation _ Repeated Training/Test Splits 
0.80 L 
0.70 i 
T T T T i, a Pl | T 
2-2 240 242 24 246 
Cost 
Fig. 4.10: The performance profile of nonlinear support vector machine over 
different values of the cost parameter for the credit scoring example using 
several different resampling procedures. The vertical lines indicate + two- 
standard errors of the accuracy 
4.7 Data Splitting Recommendations 
As previously discussed, there is a strong technical case to be made against 
a single, independent test set: 
e A test set is a single evaluation of the model and has limited ability to 
characterize the uncertainty in the results. 

78 . 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
e Proportionally large test sets divide the data in a way that increases bias 
in the performance estimates. 
e With small sample sizes: 
~ The model may need every possible data point to adequately determine 
model values. 
— The uncertainty of the test set can be considerably large to the point 
where different test sets may produce very different results. 
e Resampling methods can produce reasonable predictions of how well the 
model will perform on future samples. 
No resampling method is uniformly better than another; the choice should 
be made while considering several factors. If the samples size is small, we 
recommend repeated 10-fold cross-validation for several reasons: the bias and 
variance properties are good and, given the sample size, the computational 
costs are not large. If the goal is to choose between models, as opposed to 
getting the best indicator of performance, a strong case can be made for 
using one of the bootstrap procedures since these have very low variance. 
For large sample sizes, the differences between resampling methods become 
less pronounced, and computational efficiency increases in importance. Here, 
simple 10-fold cross-validation should provide acceptable variance, low bias, 
and is relatively quick to compute. 
Varma and Simon (2006) and Boulesteix and Strobl (2009) note that there 
is a potential bias that can occur when estimating model performance during 
parameter tuning. Suppose that the final model is chosen to correspond to the 
tuning parameter value associated with the smallest error rate. This error rate 
has the potential to be optimistic since it is a random quantity that is chosen 
from a potentially large set of tuning parameters. Their research is focused on 
scenarios with a small number of samples and a large number of predictors, 
which exacerbates the problem. However, for moderately large training sets, 
our experience is that this bias is small. In later sections, comparisons are 
made between resampled estimates of performance and those derived from a 
test set. For these particular data sets, the optimization bias is insubstantial. 
4.8 Choosing Between Models 
Once the settings for the tuning parameters have been determined for each 
model, the question remains: how do we choose between multiple models? 
Again, this largely depends on the characteristics of the data and the type 
of questions being answered. However, predicting which model is most fit 
for purpose cart be difficult. Given this, we suggest the following scheme for 
finalizing the type of model: 

4.8 Choosing Between Models 79 
1. Start with several models that are the least interpretable and most flexible, 
such as boosted trees or support vector machines. Across many problem 
domains, these models have a high likelihood of producing the empirically 
optimum results (i.e., most accurate). 
2. Investigate simpler models that are less opaque (e.g., not complete black 
boxes), such as multivariate adaptive regression splines (MARS), partial 
least squares, generalized additive models, or naive Bayes models. 
3. Consider using the simplest model that reasonably approximates the per- 
formance of the more complex methods. 
Using this methodology, the modeler can discover the “performance ceiling” 
for the data set before settling on a model. In many cases, a range of models 
will be equivalent in terms of performance so the practitioner can weight the 
benefits of different methodologies (e.g., computational complexity, easy of 
prediction, interpretability). For example, a nonlinear support vector machine 
or random forest model might have superior accuracy, but the complexity 
and scope of the prediction equation may prohibit exporting the prediction 
equation to a production system. However, if a more interpretable model, 
such as a MARS model, yielded similar accuracy, the implementation of the 
prediction equation would be trivial and would also have superior execution 
time. 
Consider the credit scoring support vector machine classification model 
that was characterized using resampling in Sect. 4.6. Using repeated 10-fold 
cross-validation, the accuracy for this model was estimated to be 75% with 
most of the resampling results between 66% and 82%. 
Logistic regression (Sect. 12.2) is a more simplistic technique than the non- 
linear support vector machine model for estimating a classification boundary. 
It has no tuning parameters and its prediction equation is simple and easy to 
implement using most software. Using the same cross-validation scheme, the 
estimated accuracy for this model was 74.9% with most of the resampling 
results between 66% and 82%. 
The same 50 resamples were used to evaluate each model. Figure 4.11 uses 
box plots to illustrate the distribution of the resampled accuracy estimates. 
Clearly, there is no performance loss by using a more straightforward model 
for these data. 
Hothorn et al. (2005) and Eugster et al. (2008) describe statistical methods 
for comparing methodologies based on resampling results. Since the accura- 
cies were measured using identically resampled data sets, statistical methods 
for paired comparisons can be used to determine if the differences between 
models are statistically significant. A paired t-test can be used to evaluate 
the hypothesis that the models have equivalent accuracies (on average) or, 
analogously, that the mean difference in accuracy for the resampled data sets 
is zero. For these two models, the average difference in model accuracy was 
0.1%, with the logistic regression supplying the better results. The 95% con- 
fidence interval for this difference was (—1.2%, 1%), indicating that there 

80 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
SVM 
pepe pesya ieee | freee 
0.65 0.70 0.75 0.80 0.85 
Accuracy 
Fig. 4.11: A comparison of the cross-validated accuracy estimates from a 
support vector machine model and a logistic regression model for the credit 
scoring data described in Sect. 4.5 
is no evidence to support the idea that the accuracy for either model is 
significantly better. This makes intuitive sense; the resampled accuracies in 
Fig.4.11 range from 61.3% to 85%; given this amount of variation in the 
results, a 0.1% improvement of accuracy is not meaningful. 
When a model is characterized in multiple ways, there is a possibility that 
comparisons between models can lead to different conclusions. For example, 
if a model is created to predict two classes, sensitivity and specificity may 
be used to characterize the efficacy of models (see Chap. 11). If the data 
set includes more events than nonevents, the sensitivity can be estimated 
with greater precision than the specificity. With increased precision, there is 
a higher likelihood that models can be differentiated in terms of sensitivity 
than for specificity. 
4.9 Computing 
The R language is used to demonstrate modeling techniques. A concise review 
of R and its basic usage are found in Appendix B. Those new to R should 
review these materials prior to proceeding. The following sections will refer- 
ence functions from the AppliedPredictiveModeling, caret, Design, e1071, ipred 
and MASS packages. Syntax will be demonstrated using the simple two-class 
example shown in Figs. 4.2 and 4.3 and the data from the credit scoring case 
study. : 

4.9 Computing 81 
Data Splitting 
The two-class data shown in Fig. 4.1 are contained in the AppliedPredictive- 
Modeling package and can be obtained using 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(twoClassData) 
The predictors for the example data are stored in a data frame called 
predictors. There are two columns for the predictors and 208 samples in 
rows. The outcome classes are contained in a factor vector called classes. 
> str(predictors) 
‘data.frame': 208 obs. of 2 variables: 
$ PredictorA: num 0.158 0.655 0.706 0.199 0.395 
$ PredictorB: num 0.1609 0.4918 0.6333 0.0881 0.4152 ... 
Sistrcclasses) 
Bacboraw/ 2 Mhevellsm(Cilas sit Cllagso tipo) 0) Om D ao) De 
The base R function sample can create simple random splits of the data. 
To create stratified random splits of the data (based on the classes), the 
createDataPartition function in the caret package can be used. The percent 
of data that will be allocated to the training set should be specified. 
> # Set the random number seed so we can reproduce the results 
set.seed(1) 
# By default, the numbers are returned as a list. Using 
# list = FALSE, a matrix of row numbers is generated. 
# These samples are allocated to the training set. 
trainingRows <- createDataPartition(classes, 
pole atoll 
list= FALSE) 
SOP NN NES NAE ON/ head (trainingRows) 
Resamplei 
ial ge) 
yal 100 
[3,4 101 
[4,] 102 
bo 103 
[6,] 104 
# Subset the data into objects for training using 
# integer sub-setting. 
trainPredictors <- predictors[trainingRows, ] 
trainClasses <- classes[trainingRows] 
# Do the same for the test set using negative integers. 
testPredictors <- predictors[-trainingRows, ] 
testClasses <- classes[-trainingRows] NEN NE NPE NBN ONE 
> str(trainPredictors) 

82 . 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
'data.frame': 167 obs. of 2 variables: 
$ PredictorA: num 0.226 0.262 0.52 0.577 0.426 ... 
$ PredictorB: num 0.291 0.225 0.547 0.553 0.321 
> str(testPredictors) 
'data.frame': 41 obs. of 2 variables: 
$ PredictorA: num 0.0658 0.1056 0.2909 0.4129 0.0472 
$ PredictorB: num 0.1786 0.0801 0.3021 0.2869 0.0414 ... 
To generate a test set using maximum dissimilarity sampling, the caret func- 
tion maxdissim can be used to sequentially sample the data. 
Resampling 
The caret package has various functions for data splitting. For example, to 
use repeated training/test splits, the function createDataPartition could be 
used again with an additional argument named times to generate multiple 
splits. 
> set.seed(1) 
> # For illustration, generate the information needed for three 
> # resampled versions of the training set. 
> repeatedSplits <- createDataPartition(trainClasses, p = .80, 
7 times = 3) 
> str(repeatedSplits) 
List of 3 
$ Resampliei: int [1:13b] 12345679 11 12 ... 
S Resampilie2: int iletsbil 406 7 839) 1Onti io 14 ee 
SoResanplec amt: (Sb oe aGa7 sero On to 
Similarly, the caret package has functions createResamples (for bootstrapping), 
createFolds (for k-old cross-validation) and createMultiFolds (for repeated 
cross-validation). To create indicators for 10-fold cross-validation, 
set.seed(1) > 
> cvSplits <- createFolds(trainClasses, k = 10, 
+ returnTrain = TRUE) 
> str(cvSplits) 
fast of 10 
A oul (ashes ath ates Wake llswhl lima Ay seh AS Iss (oy y¢ ish e halal 
$ Fold02: ant [1s150] 12) 3 4.676.879 1012 
Se PoldOs:) ant) Lis0lel 2sr4een7 38 Loedie 13.2. 
So Foldoa: amity Mdod | oes) Gt bnGay Sn dO' ee 
S$  Bolid05: Sint SOI Sys aGs 7 Se On On Wena 
S Foldoe: int si 50]) 2547556) 789 WO ait! joe. 
DS FoldO: amt ilst SON 2 Sab Gm SeOrtOm an 
$ Fold08: int [1:151] 12345 67 8 9 10 
$ Fold09: int [Pet50] 13455565 4 Sie: 11 12 
S PoldloO isin Pl tSOl 2 23 5167 Sao: 10a 
> # Get the first set of row numbers from the list, 
> fold1 <- cvSplits[[1]] 

4.9 Computing 83 
To get the first 90% of the data (the first fold): 
> cvPredictors1 <- trainPredictors[foldi,] 
> cvClasses1 <- trainClasses[fold1] 
> nrow(trainPredictors) 
fel 267 
> nrow(cvPredictors1) 
Ealeiot 
In practice, functions discussed in the next section can be used to automati- 
cally create the resampled data sets, fit the models, and evaluate performance. 
Basic Model Building in R 
Now that we have training and test sets, we could fit a 5-nearest neighbor 
classification model (Fig. 4.3) to the training data and use it to predict the test 
set. There are multiple R functions for building this model: the knn function 
in the MASS package, the ipredknn function in the ipred package, and the knn3 
function in caret. The knn3 function can produce class predictions as well as 
the proportion of neighbors for each class. 
There are two main conventions for specifying models in R: the formula 
interface and the non-formula (or “matrix”) interface. For the former, the 
predictors are explicitly listed. A basic R formula has two sides: the left-hand 
side denotes the outcome and the right-hand side describes how the predictors 
are used. These are separated with a tilde (~). For example, the formula 
> modelFunction(price ~ numBedrooms + numBaths + acres, 
up data = housingData) 
would predict the closing price of a house using three quantitative character- 
istics. The formula y ~ . can be used to indicate that all of the columns in the 
data set (except y) should be used as a predictor. The formula interface has 
many conveniences. For example, transformations such as log(acres) can be 
specified in-line. Unfortunately, R does not efficiently store the information 
about the formula. Using this interface with data sets that contain a large 
number of predictors may unnecessarily slow the computations. 
The non-formula interface specifies the predictors for the model using a 
matrix or data frame (all the predictors in the object are used in the model). 
The outcome data are usually passed into the model as a vector object. 
For example, 
> modelFunction(x = housePredictors, y = price) 
Note that not all R functions have both interfaces. 

84 | 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
For knn3, we can estimate the,5-nearest neighbor model with 
> trainPredictors <- as.matrix(trainPredictors) 
> knnFit <- knn3(x = trainPredictors, y = trainClasses, k = 5) 
> knnFit 
5-nearest neighbor classification model 
Cadac 
knn3.matrix(x = trainPredictors, y = trainClasses, k = 5) 
Training set class distribution: 
Classi Class2 
89 78 
At this point, the knn3 object is ready to predict new samples. To assign 
new samples to classes, the predict method is used with the model object. 
The standard convention is 
> testPredictions <- predict(knnFit, newdata = testPredictors, 
+ type = "class") 
> head(testPredictions) 
{1] Class2 Class2 Classi Classi Class2 Class2 
Levels: Classi Class2 
> str(testPredictions) 
Hactom wy 2) LeviedseliGlassal iC iiaais Qi ee peal OD 22) ieee 
The value of the type argument varies across different modeling functions. 
Determination of Tuning Parameters 
To choose tuning parameters using resampling, sets of candidate values are 
evaluated using different resamples of the data. A profile can be created to 
understand the relationship between performance and the parameter values. 
R has several functions and packages for this task. The e1071 package contains 
the tune function, which can evaluate four types of models across a range of 
parameters. Similarly, the errorest function in the ipred package can resample 
single models. The train function in the caret package has built-in modules 
for 144 models and includes capabilities for different resampling methods, 
performances measures, and algorithms for choosing the best model from the 
profile. This function also has capabilities for parallel processing so that the 
resampled model fits can be executed across multiple computers or processors. 
Our focus will be on the train function. 
Section 4.6 illustrated parameter tuning for a support vector machine using 
the credit scoring data. Using resampling, a value of the cost parameter was 
estimated. As discussed in later chapters, the SVM model is characterized 

4.9 Computing 85 
by what type of kernel function the model uses. For example, the linear 
kernel function specifies a linear relationship between the predictors and the 
outcome. For the credit scoring data, a radial basis function (RBF) kernel 
function was used. This kernel function has an additional tuning parameter 
associated with it denoted as a, which impacts the smoothness of the decision 
boundary. Normally, several combinations of both tuning parameters would 
be evaluated using resampling. However, Caputo et al. (2002) describe an 
analytical formula that can be used to get reasonable estimates of 0. The 
caret function train uses this approach to estimate the kernel parameter, 
leaving only the cost parameter for tuning. 
To tune an SVM model using the credit scoring training set samples, the 
train function can be used. Both the training set predictors and outcome are 
contained in an R data frame called GermanCreditTrain. 
> library(caret) 
> data(GermanCredit) 
The chapters directory of the AppliedPredictiveModeling package contains 
the code for creating the training and test sets. These data sets are contained 
in the data frames GermanCreditTrain and GermanCreditTest, respectively. 
We will use all the predictors to model the outcome. To do this, we use 
the formula interface with the formula Class ~ . the classes are stored in the 
data frame column called class. The most basic function call would be 
> set.seed(1056) 
> svmrit <— train(Class ~ ., 
> data = GermanCreditTrain, 
> # The "method" argument indicates the model type. 
> # See ?train for a list of available models. 
> method = "svmRadial") 
However, we would like to tailor the computations by overriding several of 
the default values. First, we would like to pre-process the predictor data by 
centering and scaling their values. To do this, the preProc argument can be 
used: 
> set.seed(1056) 
> svmrit. <— train(Class 7, 
> data = GermanCreditTrain, 
> method = "svmRadial", 
> preProc = c("center", "scale")) 
Also, for this function, the user can specify the exact cost values to investigate. 
In addition, the function has algorithms to determine reasonable values for 
many models. Using the option tuneLength = 10, the cost values gray ard 
... 2" are evaluated. 
> set.seed(1056) 
> svmFit <- train(Class ~ ., 
> data = GermanCreditTrain, 
S method = "svmRadial", 
> preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
> tuneLength = 10) 

86 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
By default, the basic bootstrap will be used to calculate performance mea- 
sures. Repeated 10-fold cross-validation can be specified with the trainControl 
function. The final syntax is then 
> set.seed(1056) 
> svmraib <= train(Class ~ =; 
> data = GermanCreditTrain, 
> method = "svmRadial", 
> preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
> tuneLength = 10, 
> trControl = trainControl(method = "repeatedcv", 
> repeats = 5)) 
> svmFit 
800 samples 
41 predictors 
2 classes: 'Bad', 'Good' 
Pre-processing: centered, scaled 
Resampling: Cross-Validation (10-fold, repeated 5 times) 
Summary of sample sizes: 720, 720, 720, 720, 720, 720, 
Resampling results across tuning parameters: 
C Accuracy Kappa Accuracy SD Kappa SD 
O25 Olah 0 0 0 
OFb ONf24 0.141 0.0218 0.0752 
1 0.75 0.326 0.0385 0.106 
2 0.75 0.363 0.0404 0.0984 
4 0.754 0.39 0.0359 0.0857 
8 0.738 0.361 0.0404 0.0887 
16 0.738 0.361 0.0458 Ore 
32 0.732 0.35 0.043 0.0928 
64 0.732 0.352 0.0453 0.0961 
128 860.731 0.349 0.0451 0.0936 
Tuning parameter 'sigma' was held constant at a value of 0.0202 
Accuracy was used to select the optimal model using the largest value. 
The final values used for the model were C = 4 and sigma = 0.0202. 
A different random number seed and set of cost values were used in the 
original analysis, so the results are not exactly the same as those shown in 
Sect. 4.6. Using a “pick the best” approach, a final model was fit to all 800 
training set samples with a a value of 0.0202 and a cost value of 4. The plot 
method can be used to visualize the performance profile. Figure 4.12 shows 
an example visualization created from the syntax 
> # A line plot of the average performance 
> plot(svmFit, scales = list(x = list(log = 2))) 
To predict new samples with this model, the predict method is called 
> predictedClasses <- predict(svmFit, GermanCreditTest) 
> str(predictedClasses) 

4.9 Computing 87 
=e RS Less ! = 
& 0.75 ic 
5° 3 > 0.74 
(dp) 
(dp) 
° 
Deore! TZ! 
oO 
s ewlOr72 oO 
ac 
S e O71 
jan} 
oO 
oO 
= 0:70 
T T ‘ T T T 
Qr2 200 2n2 2n4 26 
Cost 
Fig. 4.12: A visualization of the average performance profile of an SVM clas- 
sification model produced from the plot method for the train class 
Racton w/ 2 Levels "Badl'"Good"s) 412 2 102 DD 4 1 
> # Use the "type" option to get class probabilities 
> predictedProbs <- predict(svmFit, newdata = GermanCreditTest, 
it type = "prob") 
> head(predictedProbs) 
Bad Good 
1 0.5351870 0.4648130 
2 0.5084049 0.4915951 
3 0.3377344 0.6622656 
4 0.1092243 0.8907757 
5 0.6024404 0.3975596 
6 0.1339467 0.8660533 
There are other R packages that can estimate performance via resampling. 
The validate function in the Design package and the errorest function in the 
ipred package can be used to estimate performance for a model with a single 
candidate set of tuning parameters. The tune function of the e1071 package 
can also determine parameter settings using resampling. 
Between-Model Comparisons 
In Sect. 4.6, the SVM model was contrasted with a logistic regression model. 
While basic logistic regression has no tuning parameters, resampling can still 
be used to characterize the performance of the model. The train function is 

88 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
once again used, with a different method argument of "gim" (for generalized 
linear models). The same resampling specification is used and, since the ran- 
dom number seed is set prior to modeling, the resamples are exactly the same 
as those in the SVM model. 
> set.seed(1056) 
> logisticheg <- train(Class ~ ., 
af data = GermanCreditTrain, 
+ method = "glm", 
af trControl = trainControl(method = "repeatedcv", 
+ repeats = 5)) 
> logisticReg 
800 samples 
41 predictors 
2 classes: 'Bad', 'Good' 
No pre-processing 
Resampling: Cross-Validation (10-fold, repeated 5 times) 
Summary of sample sizes: 720, 720, 720, 720, 720, 720, 
Resampling results 
Accuracy Kappa Accuracy SD Kappa SD 
0.749 0.365 0.0516 Ore 
To compare these two models based on their cross-validation statistics, 
the resamples function can be used with models that share a common set of 
resampled data sets. Since the random number seed was initialized prior to 
running the SVM and logistic models, paired accuracy measurements exist 
for each data set. First, we create a resamples object from the models: 
> resamp <- resamples(list(SVM = svmFit, Logistic = logisticReg)) 
> summary (resamp) 
Call: 
summary.resamples(object = resamp) 
Models: SVM, Logistic 
Number of resamples: 50 
Accuracy 
Min. 1st Qu. Median Mean 3rd Qu. Max. NA's 
SVM 0.6500 0.7375 0.7500 0.754 0.7625 0.85 0 
Logistic 0.6125 0.7250 0.7562 0.749 0.7844 0.85 0 
Kappa 
»~Min. ist Qu. Median Mean 3rd Qu. Max. NA's 
SVM 0.18920 0.3519 0.3902 0.3897 0.4252 0.5946 0 
Logistic 0.07534 0.2831 0.3750 0.3648 0.4504 0.6250 0) 

4.9 Computing 89 
The summary indicates that the performance distributions are very similar. 
The NA column corresponds to cases where the resampled models failed (usu- 
ally due to numerical issues). The resamples class has several methods for 
visualizing the paired values (see ?xyplot.resamples for a list of plot types). 
To assess possible differences between the models, the diff method is used: 
> modelDifferences <- diff (resamp) 
> summary (modelDifferences) 
Call: 
summary .diff.resamples(object = modelDifferences) 
p-value adjustment: bonferroni 
Upper diagonal: estimates of the difference 
Lower diagonal: p-value for HO: difference = 0 
Accuracy 
SVM Logistic 
SVM 0.005 
Logistic 0.5921 
Kappa 
SVM Logistic 
SVM 0.02498 
Logistic 0.2687 
The p-values for the model comparisons are large (0.592 for accuracy and 
0.269 for Kappa), which indicates that the models fail to show any difference 
in performance. 
Exercises 
4.1. Consider the music genre data set described in Sect. 1.4. The objective 
for these data is to use the predictors to classify music samples into the 
appropriate music genre. 
(a) What data splitting method(s) would you use for these data? Explain. 
(b) Using tools described in this chapter, provide code for implementing your 
approach(es). 
4.2. Consider the permeability data set described in Sect. 1.4. The objective 
for these data is to use the predictors to model compounds’ permeability. 
(a) What data splitting method(s) would you use for these data? Explain. 
(b) Using tools described in this chapter, provide code for implementing your 
approach(es). 
4.3. Partial least squares (Sect. 6.3) was used to model the yield of a chemical 
manufacturing process (Sect. 1.4). The data can be found in the AppliedPre- 
dictiveModeling package and can be loaded using 

90 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
. Resampled R? 
Components Mean Std. Error 
1 0.444 0.0272 
2 0.500 0.0298 
3 0.533 0.0302 
4 0.545 0.0308 
5 0.542 0.0322 
6 0.537 0.0327 
7 0.534 0.0333 
8 0.534 0.0330 
9° 0520 0.0326 
10. 0.507 0.0324 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(ChemicalManufacturingProcess) 
The objective of this analysis is to find the number of PLS components 
that yields the optimal R? value (Sect. 5.1). PLS models with 1 through 10 
components were each evaluated using five repeats of 10-fold cross-validation 
and the results are presented in the following table: 
(a) Using the “one-standard error” method, what number of PLS components 
provides the most parsimonious model? 
(b) Compute the tolerance values for this example. If a 10% loss in R? is 
acceptable, then what is the optimal number of PLS components? 
(c) Several other models (discussed in Part I1) with varying degrees of com- 
plexity were trained and tuned and the results are presented in Fig. 4.13. 
If the goal is to select the model that optimizes R?, then which model(s) 
would you choose, and why? 
(d) Prediction time, as well as model complexity (Sect. 4.8) are other factors 
to consider when selecting the optimal model(s). Given each model’s pre- 
diction time, model complexity, and R? estimates, which model(s) would 
you choose, and why? 
4.4. Brodnjak-Vonina et al. (2005) develop a methodology for food laborato- 
ries to determine the type of oil from a sample. In their procedure, they used 
a gas chromatograph (an instrument that separate chemicals in a sample) to 
measure seven different fatty acids in an oil. These measurements would then 
be used to predict the type of oil in a food samples. To create their model, 
they used 96 samples? of seven types of oils. 
These data can be found in the caret package using data(oil). The oil 
types are contained in a factor variable called oiltype. The types are pumpkin 
° The authors state that there are 95 samples of known oils. However, we count 96 
in their Table 1 (pp. 33-35 of the article). 

4.9 Computing 91 
Boosted Linear Regression ° Random Forests ° 
Knn x Regression Tree A 
Linear Regression Vv SVM x 
PLS i ia 
| ! | 
o——9——_© 
wn 
2 200 iS: 
E oO ep) 
x 
S S 
© 150 Ss =1 
Sp ® 
sy 
© 
£ F 400- = 
& 
S so} 
2 o %*----- K------ x 
=| ee te 
50 % tate S © 
T T T iF 
0.4 0.5 0.6 0.7 
Resampled R Squared with 95% Cl 
Fig. 4.13: A plot of the estimated model performance against the time to 
predict 500,000 new samples using the chemical manufacturing data 
(coded as A), sunflower (B), peanut (Cc), olive (D), soybean (E), rapeseed (F) 
and corn (G). In R, 
> data(oil) 
> str(oilType) 
actor aww alerelbsr UA CU ioe eld ety ek 
> table (oilType) 
oilType 
IN EP (Ce IDS By EG, 
of 26) 3 7 ii 102 
(a) Use the sample function in base R to create a completely random sample 
of 60 oils. How closely do the frequencies of the random sample match 
the original samples? Repeat this procedure several times of understand 
the variation in the sampling process. 
(b) Use the caret package function createDataPartition to create a stratified 
random sample. How does this compare to the completely random sam- 
ples? 

92 . 4 Over-Fitting and Model Tuning 
(c) With such a small samples.size, what are the options for determining 
performance of the model? Should a test set be used? 
(d) One method for understanding the uncertainty of a test set is to use a 
confidence interval. To obtain a confidence interval for the overall accu- 
racy, the based R function binom.test can be used. It requires the user 
to input the number of samples and the number correctly classified to 
calculate the interval. For example, suppose a test set sample of 20 oil 
samples was set aside and 76 were used for model training. For this test 
set size and a model that is about 80% accurate (16 out of 20 correct), 
the confidence interval would be computed using 
> binom.test(16, 20) 
Exact binomial test 
data: 16 and 20 
number of successes = 16, number of trials = 20, p-value = 0.01182 
alternative hypothesis: true probability of success is not equal to 0.5 
95 percent confidence interval: 
0.563386 0.942666 
sample estimates: 
probability of success 
0.8 
In this case, the width of the 95% confidence interval is 37.9%. Try 
different samples sizes and accuracy rates to understand the trade-off 
between the uncertainty in the results, the model performance, and the 
test. set. size. 

Part I] 
Regression Models 


Chapter 5 
Measuring Performance in Regression 
Models 
For models predicting a numeric outcome, some measure of accuracy is 
typically used to evaluate the effectiveness of the model. However, there are 
different ways to measure accuracy, each with its own nuance. To understand 
the strengths and weaknesses of a particular model, relying solely on a sin- 
gle metric is problematic. Visualizations of the model fit, particularly residual 
plots, are critical to understanding whether the model is fit for purpose. These 
techniques are discussed in this chapter. 
5.1 Quantitative Measures of Performance 
When the outcome is a number, the most common method for characteriz- 
ing a model’s predictive capabilities is to use the root mean squared error 
(RMSE). This metric is a function of the model residuals, which are the ob- 
served values minus the model predictions. The mean squared error (MSE) is 
calculated by squaring the residuals and summing them. The RMSE is then 
calculated by taking the square root of the MSE so that it is in the same 
units as the original data. The value is usually interpreted as either how far 
(on average) the residuals are from zero or as the average distance between 
the observed values and the model predictions. 
Another common metric is the coefficient of determination, commonly 
written as R?. This value can be interpreted as the proportion of the in- 
formation in the data that is explained by the model. Thus, an R? value of 
0.75 implies that the model can explain three-quarters of the variation in the 
outcome. There are multiple formulas for calculating this quantity (Kvalseth 
1985), although the simplest version finds the correlation coefficient between 
the observed and predicted values (usually denoted by R) and squares it. 
While this is an easily interpretable statistic, the practitioner must re- 
member that R? is a measure of correlation, not accuracy. Figure 5.1 shows 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 95 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_5, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

96 5 Measuring Performance in Regression Models 
I 
Predicted Value 
=) 0 
Test Set Value 
Fig. 5.1: A plot of the observed and predicted outcomes where the R? is 
moderate (51%), but predictions are not uniformly accurate. The diagonal 
grey reference line indicates where the observed and predicted values would 
be equal 
an example where the R? between the observed and predicted values is high 
(51%), but the model has a tendency to overpredict low values and underpre- 
dict high ones. This phenomenon can be common to some of the tree-based 
regression models discussed in Chap.8. Depending on the context, this sys- 
tematic bias in the predictions may be acceptable if the model otherwise 
works well. 
It is also important to realize that R? is dependent on the variation in the 
outcome. Using the interpretation that this statistic measures the proportion 
of variance explained by the model, one must remember that the denominator 
of that proportion is calculated using the sample variance of the outcome. For 
example, suppose a test set outcome has a variance of 4.2. If the RMSE of a 
predictive model were 1, the R? would be roughly 76%. If we had another test 
set with exactly the same RMSE, but the test outcomes were less variable, 
the results would look worse. For example, if the test set variance were 3, the 
R? would be 67%. 
Practically speaking, this dependence on ‘the outcome variance can also 
have a drastic effect on how the model is viewed. For example, suppose we 
were building a model to predict the sale price of houses using predictors such 
as house characteristics (e.g., square footage, number of bedrooms, number 
of bathrooms), as well as lot size and location. If the range of the houses in 
the test set was large, say from $60K to $2M, the variance of the sale price 

5.2 The Variance-Bias Trade-off 97 
would also be very large. One might view a model with a 90% R? positively, 
but the RMSE may be in the tens of thousands of dollars—poor predictive 
accuracy for anyone selling a moderately priced property. 
In some cases, the goal of the model is to simply rank new samples. As 
previously discussed, pharmaceutical scientists may screen large numbers of 
compounds for their activity in an effort to find “hits.” The scientists will 
then follow up on the compounds predicted to be the most biologically ac- 
tive. Here, the focus is on the ranking ability of the model rather than its 
predictive accuracy. In this situation, determining the rank correlation be- 
tween the observed and predicted values might be a more appropriate metric. 
The rank correlation takes the ranks of the observed outcome values (as op- 
posed to their actual numbers) and evaluates how close these are to ranks 
of the model predictions. To calculate this value, the ranks of the observed 
and predicted outcomes are obtained and the correlation coefficient between 
these ranks is calculated. This metric is commonly known as Spearman’s rank 
correlation. 
5.2 The Variance-Bias Trade-off 
The MSE can be decomposed into more specific pieces. Formally, the MSE 
of a model is 
1 m1 ; , 
MSE = = ) (vi — Gi)”, i=1 
where y; is the outcome and 4y; is the model prediction of that sample’s 
outcome. If we assume that the data points are statistically independent and 
that the residuals have a theoretical mean of zero and a constant variance 
of a7, then 
E|MSE] = a? + (Model Bias)? + Model Variance, (5.2) 
where F is the expected value. The first part (a7) is usually called “irreducible 
noise” and cannot be eliminated by modeling. The second term is the squared 
bias of the model. This reflects how close the functional form of the model 
can get to the true relationship between the predictors and the outcome. 
The last term is the model variance. Figure 5.2 shows extreme examples of 
models that are either high bias or high variance. The data are a simulated 
sin wave. The model fit shown in red splits the data in half and predicts each 
half with a simple average. This model has low variance since it would not 
substantially change if another set of data points were generated the same 
way. However, it is ineffective at modeling the data since, due to its simplicity 
and for this reason, it has high bias. Conversely, the blue line is a three-point 

98 5 Measuring Performance in Regression Models 
Outcome 
Predictor 
Fig. 5.2: Two model fits to a sin wave. The red line predicts the data using 
simple averages of the first and second half of the data. The blue line is a 
three-point moving average 
moving average. It is flexible enough to model the sin wave (i.e., low bias), 
but small perturbations in the data will significantly change the model fit. 
Because of this, it has high variance. 
It is generally true that more complex models can have very high vari- 
ance, which leads to over-fitting. On the other hand, simple models tend not 
to over-fit, but under-fit if they are not flexible enough to model the true 
relationship (thus high bias). Also, highly correlated predictors can lead to 
collinearity issues and this can greatly increase the model variance. In sub- 
sequent chapters, models will be discussed that can increase the bias in the 
model to greatly reduce the model variance as a way to mitigate the problem 
of collinearity. This is referred to as the variance-bias trade-off. 
5.3 Computing 
The following sections will reference functions from the caret package. 
To compute model performance, the observed and predicted outcomes 
should be stored in vectors. For regression, these vectors should be numeric. 
Here, two example vectors are manually created to illustrate the techniques 
(in practice, the vector of predictions would be produced by the model func- 
tion): : 
> # Use the 'c' function to combine numbers into a vector 
> abserved <=.c(0.22; 083; =0512590°89,, -0523, "=1230."—0. 15. —1-45 
+ 
+ ON62; 0599; -=0. 418; 0232; 02345" -0530,, 0,04. =0.37. 
Ol Soy. =0).30) =1, 250.20) 

5.3 Computing 99 
° Sa 
. ® * oe 7 S ¥ 
o a e ® te) ry 
© = ® 
ROL) — ® ee 
2 fo) ® = Ss @ @ . 
. - | 88 sees Oats 8 e ® co) 
ao a ® | es e 
e ’ 
° a Pas ets 7 : : ‘ e 
w ‘ jo) e — = & 
iain = eel i T T I — 
=1.5 =1.0) —0'5' 010 0:5 10 =O! =O OO 0.5 
observed predicted 
Fig. 5.3: Left: a plot of the observed and predicted values. Right: the residuals 
versus the predicted values 
> predicted < c(0.24, 0078, -0.66, (0553; 0.70, —O.75, —0.41, -0.43; 
=e OF 49> (O°s795) 129, | (C,.06, sON75,, —O00, 0243.) -0.42. 
=F SOL 2505) UO4., -1'. 205-0) 100) 
> residualValues <- observed - predicted 
> summary (residualValues) 
Min. ist Qu. Median Mean 3rd Qu. Max. 
-0.9700 -0.4200 0.0800 -0.0310 0.2625 1.0100 
An important step in evaluating the quality of the model is to visualize 
the results. First, a plot of the observed values against the predicted values 
helps one to understand how well the model fits. Also, a plot of the residuals 
versus the predicted values can help uncover systematic patterns in the model 
predictions, such as the trend shown in Fig. 5.1. The following two commands 
were used to produce the images in Fig. 5.3: 
> # Observed values versus predicted values 
> # It is a good idea to plot the values on a common scale. 
> axisRange <- extendrange(c(observed, predicted) ) 
> plot(observed, predicted, 
+ ylim = axisRange, 
+ xlim = axisRange) 
> # Add a 45 degree reference line 
> abline(0, 1, col = "darkgrey", lty = 2) 
> # Predicted values versus residuals 
> plot(predicted, residualValues, ylab = "residual") 
> abline(h = 0, col = "darkgrey", lty = 2) 
The caret package contains functions for calculating the RMSE and the 
R? value: 
> R2(predicted, observed) 
[1] 0.5170123 

100 5 Measuring Performance in Regression Models 
> RMSE(predicted, observed) 
{1] 0.5234883 
There are different formulas for R?; Kvalseth (1985) provides a survey of 
these. By default, the R2 function uses the square of the correlation coefficient. 
Base R contains a function to compute the correlation, including Spearman’s 
rank correlation. 
> # Simple correlation 
> cor(predicted, observed) 
{1] 0.7190357 
> # Rank correlation 
> cor(predicted, observed, method = "spearman") 
[1] 0.7554552 

Chapter 6 
Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
In this chapter we will discuss several models, all of which are akin to linear 
regression in that each can directly or indirectly be written in the form 
if, = Diy stig + Oaths ar i OPP = eos (Gas) 
where y; represents the numeric response for the 7th sample, bp represents the 
estimated intercept, b; represents the estimated coefficient for the jth pre- 
dictor, x;; represents the value of the jth predictor for the 7th sample, and 
e; represents random error that cannot be explained by the model. When a 
model can be written in the form of Eq.6.1, we say that it is linear in the 
parameters. In addition to ordinary linear regression, these types of mod- 
els include partial least squares (PLS) and penalized models such as ridge 
regression, the lasso, and the elastic net. 
Each of these models seeks to find estimates of the parameters so that the 
sum of the squared errors or a function of the sum of the squared errors is 
minimized. Section 5.2 illustrated that the mean squared error (MSE) can 
be divided into components of irreducible variation, model bias, and model 
variance. The objectives of the methods presented in this chapter find pa- 
rameter estimates that fall along the spectrum of the bias-variance trade-off. 
Ordinary linear regression, at one extreme, finds parameter estimates that 
have minimum bias, whereas ridge regression, the lasso, and the elastic net 
find estimates that have lower variance. The impact of this trade-off on the 
predictive ability of these models will be illustrated in the sections to follow. 
A distinct advantage of models that follow the form of Eq.6.1 is that 
they are highly interpretable. For example, if the estimated coefficient of 
a predictor is 2.5, then a 1 unit increase in that predictor’s value would, on 
average, increase the response by 2.5 units. Furthermore, relationships among 
predictors can be further interpreted through the estimated coefficients. 
Another advantage of these kinds of models is that their mathematical 
nature enables us to compute standard errors of the coefficients, provided that 
we make certain assumptions about the distributions of the model residuals. 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 101 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_6, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

102 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
These standard errors can then be used to assess the statistical significance of 
each predictor in the model. This inferential view can provide a greater degree 
of understanding of the model, as long as the distributional assumptions are 
adequately met. Because this work focuses on model prediction, we will not 
spend much time on the inferential nature of these models. 
While linear regression-type models are highly interpretable, they can be 
limited in their usefulness. First, these models are appropriate when the re- 
lationship between the predictors and response falls along a hyperplane. For 
example, if the data had just one predictor, then the techniques would be 
appropriate if the relationship between the predictor and response fell along 
a straight line. With more predictors, the relationship would need to fall close 
to a flat hyperplane. If there is a curvilinear relationship between the pre- 
dictors and response (e.g., such as quadratic, cubic, or interactions among 
predictors), then linear regression models can be augmented with additional 
predictors that are functions of the original predictors in an attempt to cap- 
ture these relationships. More discussion about strategies for augmenting 
the original predictors will follow in the sections below. However, nonlinear 
relationships between predictors and the response may not be adequately 
captured with these models. If this is the case for the data, then the meth- 
ods detailed in Chaps. 7 and 8 will better uncover the predictive relationship 
between the predictors and the response. 
6.1 Case Study: Quantitative Structure- Activity 
Relationship Modeling 
Chemicals, including drugs, can be represented by chemical formulas. For 
example, Fig. 6.1 shows the structure of aspirin, which contains nine carbon, 
eight hydrogen, and four oxygen atoms. From this configuration, quantita- 
tive measurements can be derived, such as the molecular weight, electrical 
charge, or surface area. These quantities are referred to as chemical descrip- 
tors, and there are myriad types of descriptors that can be derived from a 
chemical equation. Some are simplistic, such as the number of carbon atoms, 
while others could be described as arcane (e.g., the coefficient sum of the last 
eigenvector from Barysz matrix weighted by the van der Waals volume). 
Some characteristics of molecules cannot be analytically determined from 
the chemical structure. For example, one way a compound may be of medi- 
cal value is if it can inhibit production of a specific protein. This is usually 
called the biological activity of a compound. The relationship between the 
chemical structure and its activity can be complex. As such, the relationship 
is usually determined empirically using experiments. One way to do this is to 
create a biological assay for the target of interest (i.e., the protein). A set of 
compounds can then be placed into the assay and their activity, or inhibition, 
is measured. This activity information generates data which can be used as 

6.1 Case Study: Quantitative Structure-Activity Relationship Modeling 103 
Fig. 6.1: A representation of aspirin, which contains carbon atoms (shown 
as black balls) and hydrogen (white) and oxygen atoms (red). The chemical 
formula for this molecule is O=C (Oc1ccccc1C(=0)0)C, from which molecular 
descriptors can be determined, such as a molecular weight of 180.2 g/mol 
the training set for predictive modeling so that compounds, which may not 
yet exist, can be screened for activity. This process is referred to as quan- 
titative structure-activity relationship (QSAR) modeling. Leach and Gillet 
(2003) provide a high-level introduction to QSAR modeling and molecular 
descriptors. 
While activity is important, other characteristics need to be assessed to 
determine if a compound is “drug-like” (Lipinski et al. 1997). Physical qual- 
ities, such as the solubility or lipophilicity (i.e., “greasiness”), are evaluated 
as well as other properties, such as toxicity. A compound’s solubility is very 
important if it is to be given orally or by injection. We will demonstrate var- 
ious regression modeling techniques by predicting solubility using chemical 
structures. 
Tetko et al. (2001) and Huuskonen (2000) investigated a set of compounds 
with corresponding experimental solubility values using complex sets of de- 
scriptors. They used linear regression and neural network models to estimate 
the relationship between chemical structure and solubility. For our analyses, 
we will use 1,267 compounds and a set of more understandable descriptors 
that fall into one of three groups: 
e Two hundred and eight binary “fingerprints” that indicate the presence or 
absence of a particular chemical substructure. 
e Sixteen count descriptors, such as the number of bonds or the number of 
bromine atoms. 
e Four continuous descriptors, such as molecular weight or surface area. 
On average, the descriptors are uncorrelated. However, there are many pairs 
that show strong positive correlations; 47 pairs have correlations greater than 

104 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
SO 
Solubility (log) Solubility (log) br 
-10 
200 400 600 
Molecular Weight structure absent structure present 
Fig. 6.2: The relationship between solubility and two descriptors. Left: As 
molecular weight of a molecule increases, the solubility generally decreases. 
The relationship is roughly log-linear, except for several compounds with low 
solubility and large weight and solubility between 0 and —5. Right: For a 
particular fingerprint descriptor, there is slightly higher solubility when the 
substructure of interest is absent from the molecule 
0.90. In some cases, we should expect correlations between descriptors. In the 
solubility data, for example, the surface area of a compound is calculated for 
regions associated with certain atoms (e.g., nitrogen or oxygen). One de- 
scriptor in these data measures the surface area associated with two specific 
elements while another uses the same elements plus two more. Given their 
definitions, we would expect that the two surface area predictors would be 
correlated. In fact, the descriptors are identical for 87% of the compounds. 
The small differences between surface area predictors may contain some im- 
portant information for prediction, but the modeler should realize that there 
are implications of redundancy on the model. Another relevant quality of the 
solubility predictors is that the count-based descriptors show a significant 
right skewness, which may have an impact on some models (see Chap. 3 for 
a discussion of these issues). 
The outcome data were measured on the logjg scale and ranged from 
—11.6 to 1.6 with an average log solubility value of —2.7. Figure 6.2 shows 
the relationship between the experimentally derived solubility values and two 
types of descriptors in the example data. 
The data were split using random sampling into a training set (n = 951) 
and test set (n = 316). The training set will be used to tune and estimate 
models, as well as to determine initial estimates of performance using repeated 
10-fold cross-validation. The test set will be used for a final characterization 
of the models of interest. 

6.2 Linear Regression 105 
It is useful to explore the training set to understand the characteristics 
of the data prior to modeling. Recall that 208 of the predictors are binary 
fingerprints. Since there are only two values of these variables, there is very 
little that pre-processing will accomplish. 
Moving on, we can evaluate the continuous predictors for skewness. The 
average skewness statistic was 1.6 (with a minimum of 0.7 and a maximum 
of 3.8), indicating that these predictors have a propensity to be right skewed. 
To correct for this skewness, a Box—Cox transformation was applied to all 
predictors (i.e., the transformation parameter was not estimated to be near 
one for any of the continuous predictors). 
Using these transformed predictors, is it safe to assume that the rela- 
tionship between the predictors and the outcome is linear? Figure 6.3 shows 
scatter plots of the predictors against the outcome along with a regression line 
from a flexible “smoother” model called loess (Cleveland 1979). The smoothed 
regression lines indicate that there are some linear relationships between the 
predictors and the outcome (e.g., molecular weight) and some nonlinear rela- 
tionships (e.g., the number of origins or chlorines). Because of this, we might 
consider augmenting the predictor set with quadratic terms for some vari- 
ables. 
Are there significant between-predictor correlations? To answer this ques- 
tion, principal component analysis (PCA) was used on the full set of trans- 
formed predictors, and the percent of variance accounted for by each compo- 
nent is determined. Figure 6.4 is commonly known as a scree plot and displays 
a profile of the variability accounted for by each component. Notice that the 
amount of variability summarized by component drops sharply, with no one 
component accounting for more than 13% of the variance. This profile indi- 
cates that the structure of the data is contained in a much smaller number of 
dimensions than the number of dimensions of the original space; this is often 
due to a large number of collinearities among the predictors. Figure 6.5 shows 
the correlation structure of the transformed continuous predictors; there are 
many strong positive correlations (indicated by the large, dark blue circles). 
As previously discussed, this could create problems in developing some mod- 
els (such as linear regression), and appropriate pre-processing steps will need 
to be taken to account for this problem. 
6.2 Linear Regression 
The objective of ordinary least squares linear regression is to find the plane 
that minimizes the sum-of-squared errors (SSE) between the observed and 
predicted response: 
nm 
1c op 2 
Seb = Ch ue, 
= 

Jayyoouls jojd 
1ayyRos 
& 
ST 
aU 
pat 
ot{], 
“Jos 
BIVP 
AZTIGnTos 
yy 
UT 
sAOyoIperd 
snonuTMOS 
poutIOJsuRIy 
ot} 
Jo 
syord 
19q}ROg 
“E79 
“SITY GrovSedescO0cSt 
Sr 
Or 
GE 
OF 
Ge 
0@ 
G9 
09 
SS 
0S 
SFr 
OF Spuogo}ewioyWinn, 
_40}OB 
491 
||YGOIPAH GOP 
PO 
iO) 
iO) 
OOO) 
“as 
N0i 
BOF 
SiO 
7:0 
ci0N0.0! 
40) 
710 
“610! 
cid) 
LO 
010 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
~ [soreran} 
[soareamn 
~ SUO|YOUINN Ge 
0c 
Sb 
OF 
SiO 
0:0 
Se 
ee 
Omen 
L 
OT 
Sie 
O'S: 
Sie 
07d) 
Sil? 
OF 
90 
vo 
c0 
0'0 uebo.NWNN 0c 
Sis 
Or 
s 
0 
s0 
vo 
€0 
¢c0 
10 
00 
G¢0¢ 
G1 
01 
G0 
00 we 
® ~ 
gealyeoepns 
: 
~___ 
peanyeoeyns 
TeyINSUNN 
j 
“SpuogioyuINN 106 

6.2 Linear Regression 107 
= l= 
i * 
2 
% 40 ig") 
= 
re) 
tS fed) 
S ® 
a 5 oO 
= 
& =} 
So ao 
O 
0 
= — 
0 50 — 100 150 200 
Components 
Fig. 6.4: A scree plot from a PCA analysis of the solubility predictors 
"2) 
7 2 2 ro) no w 
a) Ae ) sia) Ez 12: = ip ee ac 2 So 
S5See5Poeg 8588S 5,,55% MPeceQ5FEPLSOESOHBESZOL EE Gx O11 OOo ae hee ae te DO 990g 8ttit~avnez COLTS I¢S¢COZ2 
Se SAS SS She Sa = Sigel at (Se lS a (SSS de 30355 3.53: 5 3.5) 5 56> 35 So. 5,0 3.2 3 35 
22 2 22 ee ea eee eS ee ee 
NumDbiBonds @@@@Se* eeee8 es @ © 
NumOxygen @@O@SCeSCOG Bee e-6¢e@e SurfaceAreal @@Q@@e eee S868 e2<e@66 
SurfaceArea2 @@QQ@e eo eceeeS@eoe & @ @ | 
NumRotBonds © @ ® ©@@ee ‘ e-e0ec8 
NumHydrogen © @ ® © @@@@ ee ©®°@60 
NumAtoms @ @@ @@@ —°® @60e@ee | 
NumBonds @ @ @ @ @@ © €0e@0ee@ 
NumSulfer & @- 
NumNitrogen & @ @ & 
HydrophilicFactor ® @@@  @ 
NumChlorine eee @ @. 
NumHalogen e@ee@e2s@ ee &“@ og 
NumMultBonds 8 @\°\@ @e@ * *8 
NumAromaticBonds @@ ® © ®*® 
MolWeight ®@ @ ® & © © @@® . &  @ee60 
NumRings & @ Be 8@ee@o 
NumCarbon © © © © €@@@ » &€8@06e 
NumNonHAtoms @ @ @ @ © @@@® ® @e@ 
NumNonHBonds @ @ @ @ © @@®@® ® e666 
Fig. 6.5: Between-predictor correlations of the transformed continuous solu- 
bility predictors 

108 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
where y; is the outcome and @ is the model prediction of that sample’s 
outcome. Mathematically, the optimal plane can be shown to be 
a, (6.2) 
where X is the matrix of predictors and y is the response vector. Equation 6.2 
is also known as 8 (“beta-hat”) in statistical texts and is a vector that con- 
tains the parameter estimates or coefficients for each predictor. This quan- 
tity (6.2) is easy to compute, and the coefficients are directly interpretable. 
Making some minimal assumptions about the distribution of the residuals, 
it is straightforward to show that the parameter estimates that minimize 
SSE are the ones that have the least bias of all possible parameter estimates 
(Graybill 1976). Hence, these estimates minimize the bias component of the 
bias-variance trade-off. 
The interpretability of coefficients makes it very attractive as a modeling 
tool. At the same time, the characteristics that make it interpretable also 
make it prone to potentially fatal flaws. Notice that embedded in Eq. (6.2) 
is the term (X7X) e which is proportional to the covariance matrix of the 
predictors. A unique inverse of this matrix exists when (1) no predictor can 
be determined from a combination of one or more of the other predictors and 
(2) the number of samples is greater than the number of predictors. If the 
data fall under either of these conditions, then a unique set of regression co- 
efficients does not exist. However, a unique set of predicted values can still be 
obtained for data that fall under condition (1) by either replacing (X7X) z 
with a conditional inverse (Graybill 1976) or by removing predictors that 
are collinear. By default, when fitting a linear model with R and collinearity 
exists among predictors, “...R fits the largest identifiable model by removing 
variables in the reverse order of appearance in the model formula” (Faraway 
2005). The upshot of these facts is that linear regression can still be used for 
prediction when collinearity exists within the data. But since the regression 
coefficients to determine these predictions are not unique, we lose our ability 
to meaningfully interpret the coefficients. 
When condition (2) is true for a data set, the practitioner can take several 
steps to attempt to build a regression model. As a first step we suggest using 
pre-processing techniques presented in Sect. 3.3 to remove pairwise correlated 
predictors, which will reduce the number of overall predictors. However, this 
pre-processing step may not completely eliminate collinearity, since one or 
more of the predictors may be functions of two or more of the other predictors. 
To diagnose multicollinearity in the context of linear regression, the variance 
inflation factor can be used (Myers 1994). This statistic is computed for each 
predictor and a function of the correlation between the selected predictor and 
all of the other predictors. 
After pre-processing the data, if the number of predictors still outnumbers 
the number of observations, then we will need to take other measures to re- 
duce the dimension of the predictor space. PCA pre-processing (Sect. 3.3) 

6.2 Linear Regression 109 
is one possible remedy. Other remedies include simultaneous dimension 
reduction and regression via PLS or employing methods that shrink param- 
eter estimates such as ridge regression, the lasso, or the elastic net. 
Another drawback of multiple linear regression is that its solution is linear 
in the parameters. This means that the solution we obtain is a flat hyperplane. 
Clearly, if the data have curvature or nonlinear structure, then regression will 
not be able to identify these characteristics. One visual clue to understand- 
ing if the relationship between predictors and the response is not linear is 
to examine the basic diagnostic plots illustrated in Fig. 5.3. Curvature in the 
predicted-versus-residual plot is a primary indicator that the underlying rela- 
tionship is not linear. Quadratic, cubic, or interactions between predictors can 
be accommodated in regression by adding quadratic, cubic, and interactions 
of the original predictors. But the larger the number of original predictors, the 
less practical including some or all of these terms becomes. Taking this ap- 
proach can cause the data matrix to have more predictors than observations, 
and we then again cannot invert the matrix. 
If easily identifiable nonlinear relationships exist between the predictors 
and the response, then those additional predictors can be added to the de- 
scriptor matrix. If, however, it is not possible to identify these relationships 
or the relationships between the predictors and the response is highly non- 
linear, then more complex methods such as those discussed in Chap.7 will 
more effectively and efficiently find this structure. 
A third notable problem with multiple linear regression is that it is prone 
to chasing observations that are away from the overall trend of the majority 
of the data. Recall that linear regression seeks to find the parameter esti- 
mates that minimize SSE; hence, observations that are far from the trend of 
the majority of the data will have exponentially large residuals. In order to 
minimize SSE, linear regression will adjust the parameter estimates to better 
accommodate these unusual observations. Observations that cause significant 
changes in the parameter estimates are called influential, and the field of ro- 
bust regression has been developed to address these kinds of problems. One 
common approach is to use an alternative metric to SSE that is less sensitive 
to large outliers. For example, finding parameter estimates that minimize the 
sum of the absolute errors is more resistant to outliers, as seen in Fig. 6.6. 
Also, the Huber function uses the squared residuals when they are “small” 
and the simple different between the observed and predicted values when the 
residuals are above a threshold. This approach can effectively minimize the 
influence of observations that fall away from the overall trend in the data. 
There are no tuning parameters for multiple linear regression. This fact, 
however, does not impugn the practitioner from using rigorous model valida- 
tion tools, especially when using this model for prediction. In fact, we must 
use the same training and validation techniques described in Chap. 4 to un- 
derstand the predictive ability of this model on data which the model has 
not seen. 

NG 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
US AO) 2s 
10 
5 
Contribution 
Residual 
Fig. 6.6: The relationship between a model residual and its contribution to the 
objective function for several techniques. For the Huber approach, a threshold 
of 2 was used 
When using resampling techniques such as bootstrapping or cross-vali- 
dation, the practitioner must still be conscious of the problems described 
above. Consider, for example, a data set where there are 100 samples and 75 
predictors. If we use a resampling scheme that uses two-thirds of the data for 
training, then we will be unable to find a unique set of regression coefficients, 
since the number of predictors in the training set will be larger than the 
number of samples. Therefore for multiple linear regression, the practitioner 
must be aware of its pitfalls not only when working with the original data set 
but also when working with subsets of data created during model training 
and evaluation. 
To illustrate the problem of correlated predictors, linear models were fit 
with combinations of descriptors related to the number of non-hydrogen 
atoms and thenumber of hydrogen bonds. In the training set, these predictors 
are highly correlated (correlation: 0.994). Figure 6.3 shows their relationship 
with the outcome, which is almost identical. First, we fit two separate re- 
gression models with the individual terms and then a third model with both 

6.2 Linear Regression TALE 
Table 6.1: Regression coefficients for two highly correlated predictors across 
four separate models 
Model NumNonHAtoms NumNonHBonds 
NumNonHAtoms only —1.2 (0.1) 
NumNonHBonds only male 05) 
Both =0:3 (0.5) —0.9 (0.5) 
All predictors Sea) —9,1 (1.6) 
terms. The predictors were centered and scaled prior to modeling so that 
their units would be the same. Table 6.1 shows the regression coefficients and 
their standard errors in parentheses. For the individual models, the regression 
coefficients are almost identical as are their standard errors. However, when 
fitting a model with both terms, the results differ; the slope related to the 
number of non-hydrogen atoms is greatly decreased. Also, the standard errors 
are increased fivefold when compared to the individual models. This reflects 
the instability in the regression linear caused by the between-predictor rela- 
tionships and this instability is propagated directly to the model predictions. 
Table 6.1 also shows the coefficients for these two descriptors when all of the 
predictors are put into the model. Recall from Fig.6.5 that there are many 
collinear predictors in the data and we would expect the effect of collinearity 
to be exacerbated. In fact, for these two predictors, the values become wildly 
large in magnitude and their standard errors are 14—16-fold larger than those 
from the individual models. 
In practice, such highly correlated predictors might be managed manually 
by removing one of the offending predictors. However, if the number of pre- 
dictors is large, this may be difficult. Also, on many occasions, relationships 
among predictors can be complex and involve many predictors. In these cases, 
manual removal of specific predictors may not be possible and models that 
can tolerate collinearity may be more useful. 
Linear Regression for Solubility Data 
Recall that in Sect. 6.1 we split the solubility data into training and test sets 
and that we applied a Box—Cox transformation to the continuous predictors 
in order to remove skewness. The next step in the model building process for 
linear regression is to identify predictors that have high pairwise correlations 
and to remove predictors so that no absolute pairwise correlation is greater 
than some pre-specified level. In this case we chose to remove predictors that 
have pairwise correlations greater than 0.9 (see Sect.3.3). At this level, 38 
predictors were identified and removed. Upon removing these predictors, a 

112 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
=e eS eS 
3 ° 
2 Pa 
1 rT aaa e e e®. e¢ 
ae} = e ¢ °° 
$ § m= 2 o Ms ti 3 ut re 
® ii O See ara a @ et -- 
5 fc ® Pag io are 7 
ss 2) SSS a oar Sore e . se @ ¥ oe 2 
Se e 
— e 
23 . 
T | cn be Tt ie 
=U oar 8 ieee (018-6) 824) 5-277 10 
Predicted Predicted 
Fig. 6.7: Left: Observed versus predicted values for the solubility test set. 
Right: Residuals versus the predicted values. The residuals appear to be ran- 
domly scattered about 0 with respect to the predicted values 
linear model was fit to the training data.! The linear model was resampled 
using 10-fold cross-validation and the estimated root mean squared error 
(RMSE) was 0.71 with a corresponding R? value of 0.88. 
Predictors that were removed from the training data were then also re- 
moved from the test data and the model was then applied to the test set. 
The R? value between the observed and predicted values was 0.87, and the 
basic regression diagnostic plots are displayed in Fig.6.7. There does not 
appear to be any bias in the prediction, and the distribution between the 
predicted values and residuals appears to be random about zero. 
6.3 Partial Least Squares 
For many real-life data sets, predictors can be correlated and contain similar 
predictive information like illustrated with the solubility data. If the corre- 
lation among predictors is high, then the ordinary least squares solution for 
multiple linear regression will have high variability and will become unstable. 
' In practice, the correlation threshold would need to be smaller to have a significant 
effect on collinearity. In these data, it would also remove important variables. Also, 
one would investigate how the terms fit into the model. For example, there may be 
interactions between predictors that are important and nonlinear transformations 
of predictors may also improve the model. For these data, this set of activities is 
examined more closely in Chap. 19. 

6.3 Partial Least Squares jit} 
For other data sets, the number of predictors may be greater than the number 
of observations. In this case, too, ordinary least squares in its usual form will 
be unable to find a unique set of regression coefficients that minimize the SSE. 
A couple of common solutions to the regression problem under these con- 
ditions include pre-processing the predictors by either (1) removal of the 
highly correlated predictors using techniques as described in Sect. 3.3 or (2) 
conducting PCA on the predictors as described in Sect. 3.3. Removing highly 
correlated predictors ensures that pairwise correlations among predictors are 
below a pre-specified threshold. However, this process does not necessarily 
ensure that linear combinations of predictors are uncorrelated with other 
predictors. If this is the case, then the ordinary least squares solution will 
still be unstable. Therefore it is important to understand that the removal of 
highly correlated pairwise predictors may not guarantee a stable least squares 
solution. Alternatively, using PCA for pre-processing guarantees that the re- 
sulting predictors, or combinations thereof, will be uncorrelated. The trade-off 
in using PCA is that the new predictors are linear combinations of the orig- 
inal predictors, and thus, the practical understanding of the new predictors 
can become murky. 
Pre-processing predictors via PCA prior to performing regression is known 
as principal component regression (PCR) (Massy 1965); this technique has 
been widely applied in the context of problems with inherently highly corre- 
lated predictors or problems with more predictors than observations. While 
this two-step regression approach (dimension reduction, then regression) has 
been successfully used to develop predictive models under these conditions, 
it can easily be misled. Specifically, dimension reduction via PCA does not 
necessarily produce new predictors that explain the response. As an example 
of this scenario, consider the data in Fig.6.8 which contains two predictors 
and one response. The two predictors are correlated, and PCA summarizes 
this relationship using the direction of maximal variability. The right-hand 
plot of this figure, however, illustrates that the first PCA direction contains 
no predictive information about the response. 
As this simple example illustrates, PCA does not consider any aspects 
of the response when it selects its components. Instead, it simply chases the 
variability present throughout the predictor space. If that variability happens 
to be related to the response variability, then PCR has a good chance to 
identify a predictive relationship. If, however, the variability in the predictor 
space is not related to the variability of the response, then PCR can have 
difficulty identifying a predictive relationship when one might actually exist. 
Because of this inherent problem with PCR, we recommend using PLS when 
there are correlated predictors and a linear regression-type solution is desired. 
PLS originated with Herman Wold’s nonlinear iterative partial least 
squares (NIPALS) algorithm (Wold 1966, 1982) which linearized models that 
were nonlinear in the parameters. Subsequently, Wold et al. (1983) adapted 
the NIPALS method for the regression setting with correlated predictors and 

114 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
—1.5-1.0-0.5 0.0 0.5 1.0 1.5 
x1 PCA1 
Fig. 6.8: An example of principal component regression for a simple data 
set with two predictors and one response. Left: A scatter plot of the two 
predictors shows the direction of the first principal component. Right: The 
first PCA direction contains no predictive information for the response 
called this adaptation “PLS.” Briefly, the NIPALS algorithm iteratively seeks 
to find underlying, or latent, relationships among the predictors which are 
highly correlated with the response. For a univariate response, each iteration 
of the algorithm assesses the relationship between the predictors (X) and 
response (y) and numerically summarizes this relationship with a vector of 
weights (w); this vector is also known as a direction. The predictor data are 
then orthogonally projected onto the direction to generate scores (t). The 
scores are then used to generate loadings (p), which measure the correlation 
of the score vector to the original predictors. At the end of each iteration, 
the predictors and the response are “deflated” by subtracting the current esti- 
mate of the predictor and response structure, respectively. The new deflated 
predictor and response information are then used to generate the next set 
of weights, scores, and loadings. These quantities are sequentially stored in 
matrices W, T, and P, respectively, and are used for predicting new samples 
and computing predictor importance. A schematic of the PLS relationship 
between predictors and the response can be seen in Fig. 6.9, and a thorough 
explanation of the algorithm can be found in Geladi and Kowalski (1986). 
To obtain a better understanding of the algorithm’s function, Stone and 
Brooks (1990) linked it to well-known statistical concepts of covariance and 
regression. In particular, Stone and Brooks showed that like PCA, PLS finds 
linear combinations of the predictors. These linear combinations are com- 
monly called *components or latent variables. While the PCA linear combi- 
nations are chosen to maximally summarize predictor space variability, the 
PLS linear combinations of predictors are chosen to maximally summarize 

6.3 Partial Least Squares 1S 
SIOPIPIIg JO AyyIqere sozleuumng ATPeUIExepy yey) drysuoryepey reoury 
suTODING, 
af} 0} syueuodurod SoqRpaLIoy ATTeUUIXe py 
yey) drysuonepey r3oury 
Fig. 6.9: A diagram depicting the structure of a PLS model. PLS finds compo- 
nents that simultaneously summarize variation of the predictors while being 
optimally correlated with the outcome 
covariance with the response. This means that PLS finds components that 
maximally summarize the variation of the predictors while simultaneously 
requiring these components to have maximum correlation with the response. 
PLS therefore strikes a compromise between the objectives of predictor space 
dimension reduction and a predictive relationship with the response. In other 
words, PLS can be viewed as a supervised dimension reduction procedure; 
PCR is an unsupervised procedure. 
To better understand how PLS works and to relate it to PCR, we will 
revisit the data presented in Fig. 6.8. This time we seek the first PLS compo- 
uent. The left-hand scatter plot in Fig.6.10 contrasts the first PLS direction 
with the first PCA direction. For this illustration the two directions are nearly 
orthogonal, indicating that the optimal dimension reduction direction was not 
related to maximal variation in the predictor space. Instead, PLS identified 
the optimal predictor space dimension reduction for the purpose of regression 
with the response. 
Clearly this example is designed to show an important flaw with PCR. In 
practice, PCR does not fail this drastically; rather, PCR produces models 
with similar predictive ability to PLS. Based on our experience, the number 
of components retained via cross-validation using PCR is always equal to 

116 . 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
—1.5 -1.0-0.5 0.0 05 1.0 1.5 -0.4 -0.2 0.0 0.2 0.4 
x1 PLS1 
Fig. 6.10: An example of partial least squares regression for a simple data set 
with two predictors and one response. Left: The first PLS direction is nearly 
orthogonal to the first PCA direction. Right: Unlike PCA, the PLS direction 
contains highly predictive information for the response 
or greater than the number of components retained by PLS. This is due to 
the fact that dimensions retained by PLS have been chosen to be optimally 
related to the response, while those chosen with PCR are not. 
Prior to performing PLS, the predictors should be centered and scaled, 
especially if the predictors are on scales of differing magnitude. As described 
above, PLS will seek directions of maximum variation while simultaneously 
considering correlation with the response. Even with the constraint of corre- 
lation with the response, it will be more naturally drawn towards predictors 
with large variation. Therefore, predictors should be adequately preprocessed 
prior to performing PLS. 
Once the predictors have been preprocessed, the practitioner can model the 
response with PLS. PLS has one tuning parameter: the number of components 
to retain. Resampling techniques as described in Sect.4.4 can be used to 
determine the optimal number of components. 
PCR and PLSR for Solubility Data 
To demonstrate the model building process with PLS, let’s return to the 
solubility data from Sect.6.1. Although there are 228 predictors, Figs. 6.4 
and 6.5 show that many predictors are highly correlated and that the overall 
information within the predictor space is contained in a smaller number of 
dimensions. These predictor conditions are very favorable for applying PLS. 

6.3 Partial Least Squares Ialyy 
ic 
2 
: | 3 Te eS) - 
> 
d n 
2 
= 
Ww 
2 1.0 va nee 
0 10 20 30 
# Components 
Fig. 6.11: Cross-validated RMSE by component for PLS and PCR. RMSE is 
minimized with ten PLS components and 35 PCR components 
Cross-validation was used to determine the optimal number of PLS compo- 
nents to retain that minimize RMSE. At the same time, PCR was performed 
using the same cross-validation sets to compare its performance to PLS. Fig- 
ure 6.11 contains the results, where PLS found a minimum RMSE (0.682) 
with ten components and PCR found a minimum RMSE (0.731) with 35 
components. We see with these data that the supervised dimension reduction 
finds a minimum RMSE with significantly fewer components than unsuper- 
vised dimension reduction. Using the one-standard error rule (Sect. 4.6) would 
reduce the number of required PLS components to 8. 
Figure 6.12 contrasts the relationship between each of the first two PCR 
and PLS components with the response. Because the RMSE is lower for 
each of the first two PLS components as compared to the first two PCR 
components, it is no surprise that the correlation between these components 
and the response is greater for PLS than PCR. This figure illustrates that 
PLS is more quickly being steered towards the underlying relationship with 
the response. 
Prediction of the test set using the optimal PCR and PLS models can 
be seen in Fig.6.13. The predictive ability of each method is good, and the 
residuals appear to be randomly scattered about zero. Although the predic- 
tive ability of these models is close, PLS finds a simpler model that uses far 
fewer components than PCR. 

118 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
-—10 0 10 
PCA Componenti PCA Component 2 
us ro) 
Solubility 
corr: 0.52 corr: 0.59 
-10 0 10 
Component Score 
Fig. 6.12: A contrast of the relationship between each of the first two PCR 
and PLS components with the solubility response. Because the dimension 
reduction offered by PLS is supervised by the response, it is more quickly 
steered towards the underlying relationship between the predictors and the 
response 
The PLS regression coefficients for the solubility data are presented in 
Table 6.2 (page 127), and the magnitudes are similar to the linear regression 
model that includes only those two predictors. 
Because the latent variables from PLS are constructed using linear combi- 
nations of the original predictors, it is more difficult to quantify the relative 
contribution of each predictor to the model. Wold et al. (1993) introduced 
a heuristic way to assess variable importance when using the NIPALS algo- 
rithm and termed this calculation variable importance in the projection. In 
the simple case, suppose that the relationship between the predictors and 
the response can be adequately summarized by a one-component PLS model. 
The importance of the jth predictor is then proportional to the value of 

6.3 Partial Least Squares 119 
! i ee (eee ae —1___1_____1____1 : ’ e @ 
0 
J 
2 aie 
=2 P ar hs 
2 . 8 Ue xe) = 2 8.0%. F 6 %, 
$ =A . Ss aay Le *e poh BS 4 By 
pop ot RS. g e x ® Be ¥ e . 
oO -6 oo a ae é be? 3 1 Ce eth ere 4 dd . ee ee -8 L$ L Be RE aT oe -2 5 - ae 
—104 
SS ica al ak -— SSS 
G20 Oa ee =10 =e" -6nee4 —=2) O 
Predicted Predicted 
a eee] L ne 
Si] : I 
ul 7 . : 
=o os ° : a oe eee 
12) at ® i oo te *? oO Oo % oe 
= 44 Booty a! See 5 S eas ages aver no} rsa +. ° e & eet foe ee e 
Saas -1- % o*es o% & “e = 
® @ Gua. a2 ¢ a Ne 
-8 4 a : ; | i: = NOS) or. 3 
Fo T ‘ai dies 
-10 -8 -6 -4 -2 0 -10 -8 -6 -4 -2 0 
Predicted Predicted 
Fig. 6.13: Left side: Observed versus predicted values for the solubility test set 
for PCR (upper) and PLS (lower). Right side: Residuals versus the predicted 
values for PCR and PLS. The residuals appear to be randomly scattered 
about 0 with respect to the predicted values. Both methods have similar 
predictive ability, but PLS does so with far fewer components 
the normalized weight vector, w, corresponding to the jth predictor. When 
the relationship between predictors and the response requires more than one 
component, the variable importance calculation becomes more involved. In 
this case, the numerator of the importance of the jth predictor is a weighted 
sum of the normalized weights corresponding to the jth predictor. The jth 
normalized weight of the kth component, w,;, is scaled by the amount of 
variation in the response explained by the kth component. The denominator 
of the variable importance is the total amount of response variation explained 
by all k components. Therefore, the larger the normalized weight and amount 
of response variation explained by the component, the more important pre- 
dictor is in the PLS model. 

120 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
MolWeight © 
NumCarbon = =e 
NumNonHAtoms 
NumNonHBonds © 
FPO76 2 
FR089) ad 
NumMultBonds © 
NumBonds 
Nis py coor ar aay FP044 
NumAtoms 
FRav2 
NumAromaticBonds 
FRat2 
FP014 
FPO65 
FP013 
HydrophilicFactor 
FP092 
NumChlorine 
NumHalogen 
FP168 
FP079 
FP070 
FP164 | 
2.0 2.5 
Importance 
Fig. 6.14: Partial least squares variable importance scores for the solubility 
data 
For the solubility data, the top 25 most important predictors are shown 
in Fig. 6.14. The larger the VIP value, the more important the predictor is in 
relating the latent predictor structure to the response. By its construction, the 
squared VIP values sum to the total number of predictors. As a rule-of-thumb, 
VIP values exceeding | are considered to contain predictive information for 
the response. Wold (1995) further suggests that predictors with small PLS 
regression coefficients and small VIP values are likely not important and 
should be considered as candidates for removal from the model. 
Algorithmic Variations of PLS 
The NIPALS algorithm works fairly efficiently for data sets of small-to- 
moderate size (e.g., < 2,500 samples and < 30 predictors) (Alin 2009). But 
when the number of samples (nm) and predictors (P) climbs, the algorithm 
becomes inefficient. This inefficiency is due to the way the matrix operations 
on the predictors and the response are performed. Specifically, both the pre- 
dictor matrix and the response must be deflated (i.e., information must be 
subtracted from each matrix, thus creating new versions of each matrix) for 
each latent variable. This implies that different versions of the predictor ma- 
trix and response must be kept at each iteration of the algorithm. Therefore 
ann X P matrix and an n x 1 vector must be recomputed, operated on, and 

6.3 Partial Least Squares PA 
stored in each iteration. As n and P grow, so do the memory requirements, 
and operations on these matrices,must be performed throughout the iterative 
process. 
In a computational step forward, Lindgren et al. (1993) showed that the 
constructs of NIPALS could be obtained by working with a “kernel” matrix of 
dimension P x P, the covariance matrix of the predictors (also of dimension 
Px P), and the covariance matrix of the predictors and response (of dimension 
Px1). This adjustment improved the speed of the algorithm, especially as the 
number of observations became much larger than the number of predictors. 
At nearly the same time as the kernel approach was developed, de Jong 
(1993) improved upon the NIPALS algorithm by viewing the underlying prob- 
lem as finding latent orthogonal variables in the predictor space that maxi- 
mize the covariance with the response. This perspective shift led to a different 
algorithm that focused on deflating the covariance matrix between the pre- 
dictors and the response rather than deflating both the predictor matrix and 
the response. de Jong (1993) termed the new approach “SIMPLS” because 
it was a simple modification of the PLS algorithm that was framed through 
statistics. Because the SIMPLS approach deflates the covariance matrix, it re- 
quires storing just the deflated covariance matrix at each iteration which has 
dimension P x 1—a significant computational improvement over the storage 
requirements of NIPALS. Although the SIMPLS approach solves the opti- 
mization in a different way, de Jong (1993) showed that the SIMPLS latent 
variables are identical to those from NIPALS when there is only one response. 
(More will be discussed below when modeling a multivariate response. ) 
Other authors have also proposed computational modifications to the NI- 
PALS algorithm through adjustments to the kernel approach (de Jong and 
Ter Braak 1994; Dayal and MacGregor 1997). Dayal and MacGregor (1997) 
developed two efficient modifications, especially when n >> P, and, similar 
to SIMPLS, only require a deflation of the covariance matrix between the 
predictors and the response at each step of the iterative process. In their 
first alteration to the inner workings of the algorithm, the original predictor 
matrix is used in the computations (without deflation). In the second alter- 
ation, the covariance matrix of the predictors is used in the computations 
(also without deflation). 
Alin (2009) provided a comprehensive computational efficiency comparison 
of NIPALS to other algorithmic modifications. In this work, Alin used a vary- 
ing number of samples (500-10,000), predictors (10-30), responses (1-15), 
and number of latent variables to derive (3-10). In nearly every scenario, the 
second kernel algorithm of Dayal and MacGregor was more computationally 
efficient than all other approaches and provided superior performance when 
n > 2,500 and P > 30. And in the cases where the second algorithm did not 
provide the most computational efficiency, the first algorithm did. 
The above approaches to implementing PLS provide clear computational 
advantages over the original algorithm. However, as the number of predictors 
grows, each becomes less efficient. To address this scenario when P > n, 

2 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
Rannar et al. (1994) constructed a kernel based on the predictor matrix 
and response that had dimension n x n. A usual PLS analysis can then be 
performed using this kernel, the outer products of the predictors, and the 
outer products of the response (each with dimension n x nm). Hence, this 
algorithm is computationally more efficient when there are more predictors 
than samples. 
As noted in Fig. 6.9, the PLS components summarize the data through 
linear substructures (i.e., hyperplanes) of the original predictor space that 
are related to the response. But for many problems, the underlying structure 
in the predictor space that is optimally related to the response is not linear 
but curvilinear or nonlinear. Several authors have attempted to address this 
shortcoming of PLS in order to find this type of predictor space/response re- 
lationship. While many methods exist, the most easily adaptable approaches 
using the algorithms explained above are provided by Berglund and Wold 
(1997) and Berglund et al. (2001). In Berglund and Wold (1997), the au- 
thors show that adding squared predictors (and cubic, if necessary) can be 
included with the original predictors. PLS is then applied to the augmented 
data set. The authors also show that there is no need to add cross-product 
terms, thus greatly reducing the number of new predictors added to the orig- 
inal data. Subsequently, Berglund et al. (2001) employ the use of the GIFI 
approach (Michailidis and de Leeuw 1998) which splits each predictor into 
two or more bins for those predictors that are thought to have a nonlinear 
relationship with the response. Cut points for the bins are selected by the 
user and are based on either prior knowledge or characteristics of the data. 
The original predictors that were binned are then excluded from the data set 
that includes the binned versions of the predictors. PLS is then applied to 
the new predictor set in usual way. 
Both of these approaches have successfully found nonlinear relationships 
between the predictors and the response. But there can be a considerable 
amount of effort required in constructing the data sets for input to PLS, 
especially as the number of predictors becomes large. As we will show in sub- 
sequent sections, other predictive modeling techniques can more naturally 
identify nonlinear structures between predictors and the response without 
having to modify the predictor space. Therefore, if a more intricate relation- 
ship between predictors and response exists, then we suggest employing one 
of the other techniques rather than trying to improve the performance of PLS 
through this type of augmentation. 
6.4 Penalized Models 
Under standard assumptions, the coefficients produced by ordinary least 
squares regression are unbiased and, of all unbiased linear techniques, this 
model also has the lowest variance. However, given that the MSE is a 

6.4 Penalized Models 123 
combination of variance and bias (Sect. 5.2), it is very possible to produce 
models with smaller MSEs by allowing the parameter estimates to be biased. 
It is common that a small increase in bias can produce a substantial drop in 
the variance and thus a smaller MSE than ordinary least squares regression 
coefficients. One consequence of large correlations between the predictor vari- 
ances is that the variance can become very large. Combatting collinearity by 
using biased models may result in regression models where the overall MSE 
is competitive. 
One method of creating biased regression models is to add a penalty to 
the sum of the squared errors. Recall that original least squares regression 
found parameter estimates to minimize the sum of the squared errors: 
SSE = } (yi — Gi)”. =i 
When the model over-fits the data, or when there are issues with collinearity 
(as in Table 6.1), the linear regression parameter estimates may become in- 
flated. As such, we may want to control the magnitude of these estimates to 
reduce the SSE. Controlling (or regularizing) the parameter estimates can be 
accomplished by adding a penalty to the SSE if the estimates become large. 
Ridge regression (Hoerl 1970) adds a penalty on the sum of the squared re- 
gression parameters: 
mr ‘ 
SSE, =) (vi - hi)” +A) 6}. i=] j=l 
The “Ly” signifies that a second-order penalty (i.e., the square) is being used 
on the parameter estimates. The effect of this penalty is that the parameter 
estimates are only allowed to become large if there is a proportional reduction 
in SSE. In effect, this method shrinks the estimates towards 0 as the \ penalty 
becomes large (these techniques are sometimes called “shrinkage methods”). 
By adding the penalty, we are making a trade-off between the model vari- 
ance and bias. By sacrificing some bias, we can often reduce the variance 
enough to make the overall MSE lower than unbiased models. 
For example, Fig.6.15 shows the path of the regression coefficients for the 
solubility data over different values of A. Each line corresponds to a model 
parameter and the predictors were centered and scaled prior to this analysis 
so that their units are the same. When there is no penalty, many parameters 
have reasonable values, such as the predictor for the number of multiple 
bonds (shown in orange). However, some parameter estimates are abnormally 
large, such as the number of non-hydrogen atoms (in green) and the number 
of non-hydrogen bonds (purple) previously singled out in Table 6.1. These 
large values are indicative of collinearity issues. As the penalty is increased, 
the parameter estimates move closer to 0 at different rates. By the time 

124 . 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
NumNonHAtoms NumNonHBonds NumMultBonds 
Standardized Coefficient 
0.000 0.002 0.004 0.006 0.008 0.010 
Penalty 
Fig. 6.15: The ridge-regression coefficient path 
the penalty has a value of A = 0.002, these two predictors are much more 
well behaved, although other coefficient values are still relatively large in 
magnitude. 
Using cross-validation, the penalty value was optimized. Figure 6.16 shows 
how the RMSE changes with A. When there is no penalty, the error is inflated. 
When the penalty is increased, the error drops from 0.72 to 0.69. As the 
penalty increases beyond 0.036, the bias becomes to large and the model 
starts to under-fit, resulting in an increase in MSE. 
While ridge regression shrinks the parameter estimates towards 0, the 
model does not set the values to absolute 0 for any value of the penalty. 
Even though some parameter estimates become negligibly small, this model 
does not conduct feature selection. 
A popular alternative to ridge regression is the least absolute shrinkage 
and selection operator model, frequently called the lasso (Tibshirani 1996). 
This model uses a similar penalty to ridge regression: 
nr oe 
SSEx, = > (yi — G4)? +A 9_ 16). i=1 9S 
While this may seem lke a small modification, the practical implications 
are significant. While the regression coefficients are still shrunk towards 0, 

6.4 Penalized Models IDS 
as a= i aaah 
0.720 
0.715 
0.710 
0.705 
0.700 - 
RMSE (Cross-—Validation) 
T 
0.00 0.02 0.04 0.06 0.08 0.10 
Penalty 
Fig. 6.16: The cross-validation profiles for a ridge regression model 
a consequence of penalizing the absolute values is that some parameters are 
actually set to 0 for some value of A. Thus the lasso yields models that si- 
multaneously use regularization to improve the model and to conduct feature 
selection. In comparing, the two types of penalties, Friedman et al. (2010) 
stated 
“Ridge regression is known to shrink the coefficients of correlated predictors 
towards each other, allowing them to borrow strength from each other. In the 
extreme case of k identical predictors, they each get identical coefficients with 
1/kth the size that any single one would get if fit alone.[.. . ] 
lasso, on the other hand, is somewhat. indifferent to very correlated predictors, 
and will tend to pick one and ignore the rest.” 
Figure 6.17 shows the paths of the lasso coefficients over different penalty 
values. The z-axis is the fraction of the full solution (i.e., ordinary least 
squares with no penalty). Smaller values on the w-axis indicate that a large 
penalty has been used. When the penalty is large, many of the regression 
coefficients are set to 0. As the penalty is reduced, many have nonzero co- 
efficients. Examining the trace for the number of non-hydrogen bonds (in 
purple), the coefficient is initially 0, has a slight increase, then is shrunken 
towards 0 again. When the fraction is around 0.4, this predictor is entered 
back into the model with a nonzero coefficient that consistently imcreases 
(most likely due to collinearity). Table 6.2 shows regression coefficients for 
ordinary least squares, PLS, ridge-regression, and the lasso model. The ridge- 
regression penalty used in this table is 0.036 and the lasso penalty was 0.15. 
The ridge-regression model shrinks the coefficients for the non-hydrogen atom 
and non-hydrogen bond predictors significantly towards 0 in comparison to 

126 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
NumNonHAtoms NumNonHBonds NumMultBonds 
Standardized Coefficient 
0.0 (Or 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
Fraction of Full Solution 
Fig. 6.17: The lasso coefficient path for the solubility data. The w-axis is the 
fraction of the full least squares solution. As the fraction increases, the lasso 
penalty (A) decreases 
the ordinary least squares models while the lasso model shrinks the non- 
hydrogen atom predictor out of the model. Between these models, the lasso 
model had the smallest cross-validation error of 0.67, slightly better than the 
PLS model (0.68) and ridge regression (0.69). 
This type of regularization has been a very active area of research. The 
lasso model has been extended to many other techniques, such as linear dis- 
criminant analysis (Clemmensen et al. 2011; Witten and Tibshirani 2011), 
PLS (Chun and Keles 2010), and PCA (Jolliffe et al. 2003; Zou et al. 2004). 
A significant advancement for this model was Efron et al. (2004). Their model, 
least angle regression (LARS), is a broad framework that encompasses the 
lasso and similar models. The LARS model can be used to fit lasso mod- 
els more efficiently, especially in high-dimensional problems. Friedman et al. 
(2010) and Hesterberg et al. (2008) provide a survey of these techniques. 
A generalization of the lasso model is the elastic net (Zou and Hastie 2005). 
This model combines the two types of penalties: 
a Ie P 
SSEenet = > (yi —Gi) +a > BF +2.>_ 185. Il i i 

6.4 Penalized Models 127 
Table 6.2: Regression coefficients for two highly correlated predictors for PLS, 
ridge regression, the elastic net and other models 
Model NumNonHAtoms NumNonHBonds 
NumNonHAtoms only —1.2 (0.1) 
NumNonHBonds only —1.2 (0.1) 
Both —0.3 (0.5) —0.9 (0.5) 
All predictors 8.2 (4) —9.1 (1.6) 
PLS, all predictors =().4 —0.8 
Ridge, all predictors —0.3 —0.3 
lasso/elastic net 0.0 —0.8 
The ridge penalty used for this table was 0.036 and the lasso penalty was 
0.15. The PLS model used ten components. 
Weight Decay 
) f= O10 ee ) 
! 1 
RMSE (Cross-Validation) 
Fraction of Full Solution 
Fig. 6.18: The cross-validation profiles for an elastic net model 
The advantage of this model is that it enables effective regularization via the 
ridge-type penalty with the feature selection quality of the lasso penalty. The 
Zou and Hastie (2005) suggest that this model will more effectively deal with 
groups of high correlated predictors. 
Both the penalties require tuning to achieve optimal performance. Again, 
using resampling, this model was tuned for the solubility data. Figure 6.18 
shows the performance profiles across three values of the ridge penalty and 20 
values of the lasso penalty. The pure lasso model (with A; = 0) has an initial 

128 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
drop in the error and then an increase when the fraction is greater than 0.2. 
The two models with nonzero values of the ridge penalty have minimum errors 
with a larger model. In the end, the optimal performance was associated with 
the lasso model with a fraction of 0.15, corresponding to 130 predictors out 
of a possible 228. 
6.5 Computing 
The R packages elasticnet, caret, lars, MASS, pls and stats will be referenced. 
The solubility data can be obtained from the AppliedPredictiveModeling R 
package. The predictors for the training and test sets are contained in data 
frames called solTrainx and solTestx, respectively. To obtain the data in R, 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(solubility) 
> ## The data objects begin with "sol": 
> ls(pattern = "“solT") 
[i] "solTestXx" "solTestXtrans" "solTestY" "solTrainXx" 
[5° “sollfrainxXtrans’” “sollraimy 
Each column of the data corresponds to a predictor (i.e., chemical descriptor) 
and the rows correspond to compounds. There are 228 columns in the data. 
A random sample of column names is 
> set.seed(2) 
> sample(names(solTrainx), 8) 
[1] "FP043" SEPUGOe "EP I30" *PPOSSM "NumBonds" 
([6] "NumNonHAtoms" "FP029" WEPTB5" 
The “FP” columns correspond to the binary 0/1 fingerprint predictors that 
are associated with the presence or absence of a particular chemical struc- 
ture. Alternate versions of these data that have been Box—Cox transformed 
are contained in the data frames solTrainXtrans and solTestXtrans. These 
modified versions were used in the analyses in this and subsequent chapters. 
The solubility values for each compound are contained in numeric vectors 
named solTrainYy and solTestY. 
Ordinary Linear Regression 
The primary function for creating linear regression models using simple least 
squares is Im. This function takes a formula and data frame as input. Because 
of this, the training set predictors and outcome should be contained in the 
same data frame. We can create a new data frame for this purpose: 

6.5 Computing 129 
> trainingData <- solTrainxtrans 
> ## Add the solubility outcome 
> trainingData$Solubility <- solTrainY 
’ 
To fit a linear model with all the predictors entering in the model as simple, 
independent linear terms, the formula shortcut Solubility ~ . can be used: 
> ImFitAllPredictors <- lm(Solubility ~ ., data = trainingData) 
An intercept term is automatically added to the model. The summary method 
displays model summary statistics, the parameter estimates, their standard 
errors, and p-values for testing whether each individual coefficient is different 
than 0: 
> summary (lmFitAllPredictors) 
Call: 
1Im(formula = Solubility ~ ., data = trainingData) 
Residuals: 
Min 1Q Median 3Q Max 
-1.75620 -0.28304 0.01165 0.30030 1.54887 
Coefficients: 
Estimate Std. Error t value Pr(>|tl) 
(Intercept) 2.431e+00 2.162e+00 1.124 0.261303 
FPOO1 3.594e-01 3.185e-01 Tu28" 02259685 
FP0O02 1.456e-01 2.637e-01 0.552 0.580960 
FP003 -3.969e-02 1.314e-01 -0.302 0.762617 
FP004 -3.049e-01 1.371e-01 -2.223 0.026520 * 
FPO0O5 2.837e+00 9.598e-01 2.956 0.003223 *x* 
FPO06 -6.886e-02 2.041e-01 -0.337 0.735917 
FPO07 4.044e-02 1.152e-01 0.351 0.725643 
FP008 1.121e-01 1.636e-01 0.685 0.493331 
FPO09 -8.242e-01 8.395e-01 -0.982 0.326536 
MolWeight -1.232e+00 2.296e-01 -5.365 1.09e-07 *** 
NumAtoms -1.478e+01 3.473e+00 -4.257 2.35e-05 +*** 
NumNonHAtoms 1.795e+01 3.166e+00 5.670 2.07e-08 *** 
NumBonds 9.843e+00 2.681e+00 3.671 0.000260 *** 
NumNonHBonds -1.030e+01 1.793e+00 -5.746 1.35e-08 *** 
NumMultBonds 2.107e-01 1.754e-01 1.201 0.229990 
NumRotBonds -5.213e-01 1.334e-01 -3.908 0.000102 **x* 
NumDb1Bonds -7.492e-01 3.163e-01 -2.369 0.018111 * 
NumAromaticBonds -2.364e+00 6.232e-01 -3.794 0.000161 *** 
NumHydrogen 8.347e-01 1.880e-01 4.439 1.04e-05 *** 
NumCarbon 1.730e-02 3.763e-01 0.046 0.963335 
NumNitrogen 6.125e+00 3.045e+00 2.011 0.044645 * 
NumOxygen 2.389e+00 4.523e-01 5.283 1.69e-O7 *** 
NumSulfer -8.508e+00 3.619e+00 -2.351 0.018994 * 
NumChlorine -7.449e+00 1.989e+00 -3.744 0.000195 *** 
NumHalogen 1.408e+00 2.109e+00 0.668 0.504615 
NumRings 1.276e+00 6.716e-01 d90m) OVO! 
HydrophilicFactor 1.099e-02 1.137e-01 0.097 0.922998 

130 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
SurfaceAreal 8.825e-02 6.058e-02 1.457 0.145643 
SurfaceArea2 9.555e-02 5.615e-02 1.702 0.089208 . 
Signif. codes: 0 '***' 0.001 "**' O.01 '*" 0.05 '.' O.1 » " i 
Residual standard error: 0.5524 on 722 degrees of freedom 
Multiple R-squared: 0.9446, Adjusted R-squared: 0.9271 
F-statistic: 54.03 on 228 and 722 DF, p-value: < 2.2e-16 
(Since there are 229 predictors in the model, the output is very long and 
the results have been trimmed.) A more comprehensive discussion of linear 
models in R can be found in Faraway (2005). 
The simple estimates of the RMSE and R? were 0.55 and 0.945, respec- 
tively. Note that these values are likely to be highly optimistic as they have 
been derived by re-predicting the training set data. 
To compute the model solubility values for new samples, the predict 
method is used: 
> ImPred1 <- predict(lmFitAllPredictors, solTestXtrans) 
> head (1mPred1) 
20 21 23 25 28 31 
0.99370933 0.06834627 -0.69877632 0.84796356 -0.16578324 1.40815083 
We can collect the observed and predicted values into a data frame, then use 
the caret function defaultSummary to estimate the test set performance: 
> ImValuesi1 <- data.frame(obs = solTestY, pred = 1lmPred1) 
> defaultSummary (1mValues1) 
RMSE Rsquared 
0.7455802 0.8722236 
Based on the test set, the summaries produced by the summary function for 
1m were optimistic. 
If we wanted a robust linear regression model, then the robust linear model 
function (rlm) from the MASS package could be used, which by default em- 
ploys the Huber approach. Similar to the 1m function, rim is called as follows: 
> rlmFitAllPredictors <- rlm(Solubility ~ ., data = trainingData) 
The train function generates a resampling estimate of performance. Be- 
cause the training set size is not small, 10-fold cross-validation should produce 
reasonable estimates of model performance. The function trainControl spec- 
ifies the type of resampling: 
> ctrl <- trainControl(method = "cv", number ='410) 
train will accept a model formula or a non-formula interface (see Sect. 4.9 
for a summary of different methods for specifying predictor models). The 
non-formula interface is 

6.5 Computing FSi 
> set.seed(100) 
> ImFit1 <- train(x = solTrainXtrans, y = solTrainY, 
+ method = "Im", trControl = ctrl) 
The random number seed is set prior to modeling so that the results can be 
reproduced. The results are: 
> ImFret 
951 samples 
228 predictors 
No pre-processing 
Resampling: Cross-Validation (10-fold) 
Summary of sample sizes: 856, 857, 855, 856, 856, 855, 
Resampling results 
RMSE Rsquared RMSE SD Rsquared SD 
O272L) ORS 0.07 0.0247 
For models built to explain, it is important to check model assumptions, 
such as the residual distribution. For predictive models, some of the same 
diagnostic techniques can shed light on areas where the model is not predict- 
ing well. For example, we could plot the residuals versus the predicted values 
for the model. If the plot shows a random cloud of points, we will feel more 
comfortable that there are no major terms missing from the model (such as 
quadratic terms, etc.) or significant outliers. Another important plot is the 
predicted values versus the observed values to assess how close the predic- 
tions are to the actual values. Two methods of doing this (using the training 
set samples are 
> xyplot(solTrainY ~ predict(1mFit1), _ 
+ ## plot the points (type = 'p') and a background grid ('g') 
. type = cl*p, Me"), # xlab = "Predicted", ylab = "Observed") 
> xyplot(resid(lmFit1) ~ predict(lmFit1), 
f type = c("p", "g"), + xlab = "Predicted", ylab = "Residuals") 
The results are shown in Fig. 6.19. Note that the resid function generates the 
model residuals for the training set and that using the predict function with- 
out an additional data argument returns the predicted values for the training 
set. For this model, there are no obvious warning signs in the diagnostic plots. 
To build a smaller model without predictors with extremely high correla- 
tions, we can use the methods of Sect. 3.3 to reduce the number of predictors 
such that there are no absolute pairwise correlations above 0.9: 
corfhresh <— .9 
tooHigh <- findCorrelation(cor(solTrainXtrans), corThresh) 
corrPred <- names(solTrainXtrans) [tooHigh] 
trainXfiltered <- solTrainXtrans[, -tooHigh] SOON ON NA 

132 ~ 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
{ 
ge! — 
oO Oo 
S S 0-4-5 2 rr) tay fed) 
O jam 
—1 
Predicted Predicted 
Fig. 6.19: Diagnostic plots for the linear model using the training set. Left: 
A plot of the observed values versus the predicted values. This plot can show 
outliers or areas where the model is not calibrated. Right: A plot of the 
residuals versus predicted values. If the model has been well specified, this 
plot should be a random cloud of points with no outliers or patterns (e.g., a 
funnel shape) 
> testXfiltered <- solTestXtrans[, -tooHigh] 
> set.seed(100) 
> ImFiltered <- train(solTrainxtrans, solTrainY, method = "Im", 
if trControl = ctrl) 
> ImFiltered 
951 samples 
228 predictors 
No pre-processing 
Resampling: Cross-Validation (10-fold) 
Summary of sample sizes: 856, 857, 855, 856, 856, 855, 
Resampling results 
RMSE Rsquared RMSE SD Rsquared SD 
Ont OLSt 0.07 0.0247 
Robust linear regression can also be performed using the train function which 
employs the rlm function. However, it is important to note that rim does not 
allow the covariance matrix of the predictors to be singular (unlike the 1m 
function). To ensure that predictors are not singular, we will pre-process 
the predictors using PCA. Using the filtered set of predictors, the robust 
regression model performance is 
> set.seed(100) 
> rlmPCA <- train(solTrainxtrans, solTrainyY, 

6.5 Computing 13 
+t; method = "rlm", 
1 pPueProcess = "pears 
2° trControl =+ectrl) 
> rilmPCA 
951 samples 
228 predictors 
Pre-processing: principal component signal extraction, scaled, centered 
Resampling: Cross-Validation (10-fold) 
Summary of sample sizes: 856, 857, 855, 856, 856, 855, 
Resampling results 
RMSE Rsquared RMSE SD Rsquared SD 
0.782 0.854 0.0372 O0169 
Partial Least Squares 
The pls package (Mevik and Wehrens 2007) has functions for PLS and 
PCR. SIMPLS, the first Dayal and MacGregor algorithm, and the algo- 
rithm developed by Rannar et al. (1994) are each available. By default, the 
pls package uses the first Dayal and MacGregor kernel algorithm while the 
other algorithms can be specified using the method argument using the val- 
ues "oscorespls", "simpls", Or "widekernelpls". The plsr function, like the 1m 
function, requires a model formula: 
> plsFit <- plsr(Solubility ~ ., data = trainingData) 
The number of components can be fixed using the ncomp argument or, if 
left to the default, the maximum number of components will be calculated. 
Predictions on new samples can be calculated using the predict function. 
Predictions can be made for a specific number of components or for several 
values at a time. For example 
> predict (plsFit, solTestXtrans[1:5,], ncomp = 1:2) 
» » 1 Comps 
Solubility 
20 -1.789335 
21 -1.427551 
23 -2.268798 
25 -2.269782 
28 -1.867960 
» » 2 comps 
Solubility 

134 ’ 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
20 0.2520469 
21 0.3555028 
23 -1.8795338 
25 -0.6848584 
28 -1.5531552 
The pisr function has options for either K-fold or leave-one-out cross- 
validation (via the validation argument) or the PLS algorithm to use, such 
as SIMPLS (using the method argument). 
There are several helper functions to extract the PLS components (in the 
function loadings), the PLS scores (scores), and other quantities. The plot 
function has visualizations for many aspects of the model. 
train can also be used with method values of pls, such as "oscorespls", 
"simpls", Or "widekernelpls". For example 
> set.seed(100) 
> plsTune <- train(solTrainxtrans, solTrainY, 
1 method = "pls", 
ur ## The default tuning grid evaluates 
+ ## components 1... tuneLength 
3 tuneLength = 20, 
1 tEControl = GEL, 
ct preProc = c("center", "scale")) 
This code reproduces the PLS model displayed in Fig. 6.11. 
Penalized Regression Models 
Ridge-regression models can be created using the 1m.ridge function in the 
MASS package or the enet function in the elasticnet package. When calling 
the enet function, the lambda argument specifies the ridge-regression penalty: 
> ridgeModel <- enet(x = as.matrix(solTrainXtrans), y = solTrainY, 
af lambda = 0.001) 
Recall that the elastic net model has both ridge penalties and lasso penalties 
and, at this point, the R object ridgeModel has only fixed the ridge penalty 
value. The lasso penalty can be computed efficiently for many values of the 
penalty. The predict function for enet objects generates predictions for one 
or more values of the lasso penalty simultaneously using the s and mode argu- 
ments. For ridge regression, we only desire a single lasso penalty of 0, so we 
want the full solution. To produce a ridge-regression solution we define s=1 
with mode = "fraction". This last option specifies how the amount of penal- 
ization is defined; in this case, a value of 1 corresponds to a faction of 1, i.e., 
the full solution: 
> ridgePred <- predict(ridgeModel, newx = as.matrix(solTestXtrans), 
+ s = 1, mode = "fraction", 

6.5 Computing 1S 
VY. 
$+ BV ON Wey type = "fit") 
head (ridgePred$fit) 
20 21 s 23 25 28 31 
0.96795590 0.06918538 -0.54365077 0.96072014 -0.03594693 1.59284535 
To tune over the penalty, train can be used with a different method: 
## Define the candidate set of values 
ridgeGrid <- data.frame(.lambda = seq(0, .1, length = 15)) 
set.seed(100) 
ridgeRegFit <- train(solTrainxtrans, solTrainyY, 
MebHOdes eid seus, 
## Fir the model over many penalty values 
tuneGrid = ridgeGrid, 
teeOnEroOn = Cin, 
## put the predictors on the same scale 
preProc = c("center", "scale")) 
ridgeRegFit 
951 samples 
228 predictors 
Pre-processing: centered, scaled 
Resampling: Cross-Validation (10-fold) 
Summary of sample sizes: 856, 857, 855, 856, 856, 855, 
Resampling results across tuning parameters: 
lambda RMSE Rsquared RMSE SD Rsquared SD 
0 OR(215 NORSiGt 0.0699 0.0245 
0.00714 0.705 0.882 0.045 0.0199 
0.0143 0.696 0.885 0.0405 0.0187 
0.0214 0.693 0.886 CROSTSs OROTS 
0.0286 0.691 0.887 0.0359 0.0175 
0203857 (05695) 0° 338i 0.0346 0.0171 
0.0429 0.691 0.888 0.0336 0.0168 
0.05 0.692 0.888 0.0329 0.0166 
OLOSiI 0693) ON 3887 0.0323 0.0164 
0.0643 0.695 0.887 01.032 0.0162 
0.0714 0.698 0.887 On0819> 02016 
C0786) O07 0.887 0.0318 0.0159 
0.0857 0.703 0.886 020818) 070153 
0.0929 0.706 0.886 0.032 0.0157 
0.1 0.709 0.885 0.0321 0.0156 
RMSE was used to select the optimal model using the smallest value. 
The final value used for the model was lambda = 0.0357. 
The lasso model can be estimated using a number of different functions. 
The lars package contains the lars function, the elasticnet package has enet, 
and the glmnet package has a function of the same name. The syntax for 
these functions is very similar. For the enet function, the usage would be 

136 ' 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
> enetModel <- enet(x = as.matrix(solTrainXtrans), y = solTrainyY, 
as lambda = 0.01, normalize = TRUE) 
The predictor data must be a matrix object, so the data frame solTrainXtrans 
needs to be converted for the enet function. The predictors should be cen- 
tered and scaled prior to modeling. The normalize argument will do this stan- 
dardization automatically. The parameter lambda controls the ridge-regression 
penalty and, setting this value to 0, fits the lasso model. The lasso penalty 
does not need to be specified until the time of prediction: 
> enetPred <- predict(enetModel, newx = as.matrix(solTestXtrans), 
Si= a1, mode = “fraction”, 
type = "fit") 
## A list is returned with several items: 
names (enetPred) 
Pulp "fraction" "mode" Nepat it A WAR SS 
> ## The 'fit' component has the predicted values: 
> head(enetPred$fit) 
20 PAS 23 25 28 Si 
-0.60186178 -0.42226814 -1.20465564 -1.23652963 -1.25023517 -0.05587631 
To determine which predictors are used in the model, the predict method is 
used with type = "coefficients": 
> enetCoef<- predict(enetModel, newx = as.matrix(solTestXtrans), 
+ s => .15 mode = “traction”, 
+ type = "coefficients") 
> tail (enetCoef$coefficients) 
NumChlorine NumHalogen NumRings HydrophilicFactor 
0.00000000 0 .Q00000000 0 .00000000 0.12678967 
SurfaceAreal SurfaceArea2 
0.09035596 0 .00000000 
More than one value of s can be used with the predict function to generate 
predictions from more than one model simultaneously. 
Other packages to fit the lasso model or some alternate version of the 
model are biglars (for large data sets), FLLat (for the fused lasso), grplasso 
(the group lasso), penalized, relaxo (the relaxed lasso), and others. To tune 
the elastic net model using train, we specify method = "enet". Here, we tune 
the model over a custom set of penalties: 
> enetGrid <- expand.grid(.lambda = c(0, 0.01, .1), 
aa .fraction = seq(.05, 1, length = 20)) 
> set.seed(100) 
> enetTune <- train(solTrainXtrans, solTrainY, 
1 method = "enet", 
+ tuneGrid = enetGrid, 
a trControl = ctrl, 
a preProc = c("center", "scale")) 
Figure 6.18 can be created from this object using plot (enetTune) . 

6.5 Computing 137 
= 
Absorption 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
Fig. 6.20: A sample of ten spectra of the Tecator data. The colors of the 
curves reflect the absorption values, where yellow indicates low absorption 
and red is indicative of high absorption 
Exercises 
6.1. Infrared (IR) spectroscopy technology is used to determine the chemi- 
cal makeup of a substance. The theory of IR spectroscopy holds that unique 
molecular structures absorb IR frequencies differently. In practice a spectrom- 
eter fires a series of IR frequencies into a sample material, and the device 
measures the absorbance of the sample at each individual frequency. This 
series of measurements creates a spectrum profile which can then be used to 
determine the chemical makeup of the sample material. 
A Tecator Infratec Food and Feed Analyzer instrument was used to analyze 
215 samples of meat across 100 frequencies. A sample of these frequency pro- 
files is displayed in Fig. 6.20. In addition to an IR profile, analytical chemistry 
determined the percent content of water, fat, and protein for each sample. 
If we can establish a predictive relationship between IR spectrum and fat 
content, then food scientists could predict a sample’s fat content with IR 
instead of using analytical chemistry. This would provide costs savings, since 
analytical chemistry is a more expensive, time-consuming process: 
(a) Start R and use these commands to load the data: 
> library(caret) 
> data(tecator) 
> # use ?tecator to see more details 

138 . 6 Linear Regression and Its Cousins 
The matrix absorp contains the 100 absorbance values for the 215 samples, 
while matrix endpoints contains the percent of moisture, fat, and protein 
in columns 1-3, respectively. 
(b) In this example the predictors are the measurements at the individual fre- 
quencies. Because the frequencies lie in a systematic order (850—1,050 nm), 
the predictors have a high degree of correlation. Hence, the data lie in a 
smaller dimension than the total number of predictors (215). Use PCA 
to determine the effective dimension of these data. What is the effective 
dimension? 
(c) Split the data into a training and a test set, pre-process the data, and 
build each variety of models described in this chapter. For those mod- 
els with tuning parameters, what are the optimal values of the tuning 
parameter(s)? 
(d) Which model has the best predictive ability? Is any model significantly 
better or worse than the others? 
(e) Explain which model you would use for predicting the fat content of a 
sample. 
6.2. Developing a model to predict permeability (see Sect. 1.4) could save sig- 
nificant resources for a pharmaceutical company, while at the same time more 
rapidly identifying molecules that have a sufficient permeability to become a 
drug: 
(a) Start R and use these commands to load the data: 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(permeability) 
The matrix fingerprints contains the 1,107 binary molecular predic- 
tors for the 165 compounds, while permeability contains permeability 
response. 
(b) The fingerprint predictors indicate the presence or absence of substruc- 
tures of a molecule and are often sparse meaning that relatively few of the 
molecules contain each substructure. Filter out the predictors that have 
low frequencies using the nearZeroVar function from the caret package. 
How many predictors are left for modeling? 
(c) Split the data into a training and a test set, pre-process the data, and 
tune a PLS model. How many latent variables are optimal and what is 
the corresponding resampled estimate of R?? 
(d) Predict the response for the test set. What is the test set estimate of R2? 
(e) Try building other models discussed in this chapter. Do any have better 
predictive performance? : 
(f) Would you recommend any of your models to replace the permeability 
laboratory experiment? 
6.3. A chemical manufacturing process for a pharmaceutical product was 
discussed in Sect. 1.4. In this problem, the objective is to understand the re- 
lationship between biological measurements of the raw materials (predictors), 

6.5 Computing 139 
measurements of the manufacturing process (predictors), and the response of 
product yield. Biological predictors cannot be changed but can be used to 
assess the quality of the raw material before processing. On the other hand, 
manufacturing process predictors can be changed in the manufacturing pro- 
cess. Improving product yield by 1% will boost revenue by approximately 
one hundred thousand dollars per batch: 
(a) Start R and use these commands to load the data: 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(chemicalManufacturing) 
The matrix processPredictors contains the 57 predictors (12 describing 
the input biological material and 45 describing the process predictors) 
for the 176 manufacturing runs. yield contains the percent yield for each 
run. 
(b) A small percentage of cells in the predictor set contain missing values. Use 
an imputation function to fill in these missing values (e.g., see Sect. 3.8). 
(c) Split the data into a training and a test set, pre-process the data, and 
tune a model of your choice from this chapter. What is the optimal value 
of the performance metric? 
(d) Predict the response for the test set. What is the value of the performance 
metric and how does this compare with the resampled performance metric 
on the training set? 
(e) Which predictors are most important in the model you have trained? Do 
either the biological or process predictors dominate the list”? 
(f) Explore the relationships between each of the top predictors and the re- 
sponse. How could this information be helpful in improving yield in future 
runs of the manufacturing process? 

Weepees stem 
—o cusnadirieey fag it © Ciel wean : mga ve 46 
eae) See Oh ONE QE ai A} ; yy at @ & rp? Pa a 7 7 shoe d oe! : 
eit oer ee a jew at} 
7 19s ) Oar! SOS Ga ee = a Aeeeeed one : 
» pe &) _ aS as a" | =e 4s) Gum © - > eae’ wt) oe ‘ 
7 = _ Fei iy Ra he. ‘i == Oi a ee a iw ri - =e 
~< _ Pao kh yas 7 . : > Te > =a = <i 
“7? be 

Chapter 7 
Nonlinear Regression Models 
The previous chapter discussed regression models that were intrinsically 
linear. Many of these models can be adapted to nonlinear trends in the data 
by manually adding model terms (e.g., squared terms). However, to do this, 
one must know the specific nature of the nonlinearity in the data. 
There are numerous regression models that are inherently nonlinear in 
nature. When using these models, the exact form of the nonlinearity does not 
need to be known explicitly or specified prior to model training. This chapter 
looks at several models: neural networks, multivariate adaptive regression 
splines (MARS), support vector machines (SVMs), and A-nearest neighbors 
(KNNs). Tree-based models are also nonlinear. Due to their popularity and 
use in ensemble models, we have devoted the next chapter to those methods. 
7.1 Neural Networks 
Neural networks (Bishop 1995; Ripley 1996; Titterington 2010) are power- 
ful nonlinear regression techniques inspired by theories about how the brain 
works. Like partial least squares, the outcome is modeled by an intermedi- 
ary set of unobserved variables (called hidden variables or hidden units here). 
These hidden units are linear combinations of the original predictors, but, 
unlike PLS models, they are not estimated in a hierarchical fashion (Fig. 7.1). 
As previously stated, each hidden unit is a linear combination of some or 
all of the predictor variables. However, this linear combination is typically 
transformed by a nonlinear function g(-), such as the logistic (i.e., sigmoidal) 
function: 
P 
hi) = ones Se eee , where 
i=l 
g(u) = a 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 141 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_7, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

142 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
drysuorjepoy [eplowstg 
x o Sy les 
So 8 nm & 
eS i oO 
= 84 4 
fe ba S b ToT 
= B 
: | iL o ro) | 
i heal eta | Gan jo GES FENG Sea ac 
-6 -2 eth (8) -6 -2 ee eral (8) 
By + By 4X4 + BoyXo Yo + ¥1h4(x) + Yaha(x) + ¥3h3(Xx) 
Fig. 7.1: A diagram of a neural network with a single hidden layer. The hidden 
units are linear combinations of the predictors that have been transformed 
by a sigmoidal function. The output is modeled by a linear combination of 
the hidden units 
The ( coefficients are similar to regression coefficients; coefficient 3;;, is the 
effect of the jth predictor on the Ath hidden unit. A neural network model 
usually involves multiple hidden units to model the outcome. Note that, unlike 
the linear combinations in PLS, there are no constraints that help define 
these linear combinations. Because of this, there is little likelihood that the 
coefficients in each unit represent some coherent piece of information. 

7.1 Neural Networks 143 
Once the number of hidden units is defined, each unit must be related to 
the outcome. Another linear combination connects the hidden units to the 
outcome: 
H 
f(x) =70 + S yeh 
hk 
For this type of network model and P predictors, there are a total of H(P + 
1)+ H +1 total parameters being estimated, which quickly becomes large as 
P increases. For the solubility data, recall that there are 228 predictors. A 
neural network model with three hidden units would estimate 691 parameters 
while a model with five hidden units would have 1,151 coefficients. 
Treating this model as a nonlinear regression model, the parameters are 
usually optimized to minimize the sum of the squared residuals. This can be 
a challenging numerical optimization problem (recall that there are no con- 
straints on the parameters of this complex nonlinear model). The parameters 
are usually initialized to random values and then specialized algorithms for 
solving the equations are used. The back-propagation algorithm (Rumelhart 
et al. 1986) is a highly efficient methodology that works with derivatives to 
find the optimal parameters. However, it is common that a solution to this 
equation is not a global solution, meaning that we cannot guarantee that the 
resulting set of parameters are uniformly better than any other set. 
Also, neural networks have a tendency to over-fit the relationship between 
the predictors and the response due to the large number of regression coeffi- 
cients. To combat this issue, several different approaches have been proposed. 
First, the iterative algorithms for solving for the regression equations can be 
prematurely halted (Wang and Venkatesh 1984). This approach is referred to 
as early stopping and would stop the optimization procedure when some esti- 
mate of the error rate starts to increase (instead of some numerical tolerance 
to indicate that the parameter estimates or error rate are stable). However, 
there are obvious issues with this procedure. First, how do we estimate the 
model error? The apparent error rate can be highly optimistic (as discussed 
in Sect. 4.1) and further splitting of the training set can be problematic. Also, 
since the measured error rate has some amount of uncertainty associated with 
it, how can we tell if it is truly increasing? 
Another approach to moderating over-fitting is to use weight decay, a pe- 
nalization method to regularize the model similar to ridge regression discussed 
in the last chapter. Here, we add a penalty for large regression coefficients 
so that any large value must have a significant effect on the model errors to 
be tolerated. Formally, the optimization produced would try to minimize a 
alternative version of the sum of the squared errors: 
n i P H 
De (yi — fi(x))” +A Ss “8 Bi, ta » Ve 
1=1 k=1 j7=0 k=0 

144 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
for a given value of . As the regularization value increases, the fitted model 
becomes more smooth and less likely to over-fit the training set. Of course, 
the value of this parameter must be specified and, along with the number of 
hidden units, is a tuning parameter for the model. Reasonable values of A 
range between 0 and 0.1. Also note that since the regression coefficients are 
being summed, they should be on the same scale; hence the predictors should 
be centered and scaled prior to modeling. 
The structure of the model described here is the simplest neural network 
architecture: a single-layer feed-forward network. There are many other kinds, 
such as models where there are more than one layer of hidden units (i.e., 
there is a layer of hidden units that models the other hidden units). Also, 
other model architectures have loops going both directions between layers. 
Practitioners of these models may also remove specific connections between 
objects to further optimize the model. There have also been several Bayesian 
approaches to neural networks (Neal 1996). The Bayesian framework outlined 
in Neal (1996) for these models automatically incorporates regularization 
and automatic feature selection. This approach to neural networks is very 
powerful, but the computational aspects of the model become even more 
formidable. A model very similar to neural networks is self-organizing maps 
(Kohonen 1995). This model can be used as an unsupervised, exploratory 
technique or in a supervised fashion for prediction (Melssen et al. 2006). 
Given the challenge of estimating a large number of parameters, the fit- 
ted model finds parameter estimates that are locally optimal; that is, the 
algorithm converges, but the resulting parameter estimates are unlikely to 
be the globally optimal estimates. Very often, different locally optimal solu- 
tions can produce models that are very different but have nearly equivalent 
performance. This model instability can sometimes hinder this model. As 
an alternative, several models can be created using different starting values 
and averaging the results of these model to produce a more stable prediction 
(Perrone and Cooper 1993; Ripley 1995; Tumer and Ghosh 1996). Such model 
averaging often has a significantly positive effect on neural networks. 
These models are often adversely affected by high correlation among the 
predictor variables (since they use gradients to optimize the model parame- 
ters). Two approaches for mitigating this issue is to pre-filter the predictors 
to remove the predictors that are associated with high correlations. Alterna- 
tively a feature extraction technique, such as principal component analysis, 
can be used prior to modeling to eliminate correlations. One positive side ef- 
fect of both these approaches is that fewer model terms need to be optimized, 
thus improving computation time. 
For the solubility data, model averaged neural networks were used. Three 
different weight decay values were evaluated (A = 0.00, 0.01, 0.10) along with 
a single hidden layer with sizes ranging between | and 13 hidden units. The 
final predictions are the averages of five different neural networks created 
using different initial parameter values. The cross-validated RMSE profiles of 
these models are displayed in Fig. 7.2. Increasing the amount of weight decay 

7.2 Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines 145 
Weight Decay 
J es ——= 00 eee Onl ima 
0.90 
(Cross—Validation) 
RMSE 
ie ay ee | ga) T 
2 4 6 8 10 12 
#Hidden Units 
Fig. 7.2: RMSE profiles for the neural network model. The optimal model 
used A = 0.1 and 11 hidden units 
clearly improved model performance, while more hidden units also reduce the 
model error. The optimal model used 11 hidden units with a total of 2,531 
coefficients. The performance of the model is fairly stable for a high degree 
of regularization (i.e., \ = 0.1), so smaller models could also be effective for 
these data. 
7.2 Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines 
Like neural networks and partial least squares, MARS (Friedman 1991) uses 
surrogate features instead of the original predictors. However, whereas PLS 
and neural networks are based on linear combinations of the predictors, 
MARS creates two contrasted versions of a predictor to enter the model. 
Also, the surrogate features in MARS are usually a function of only one or 
two predictors at a time. The nature of the MARS features breaks the pre- 
dictor into two groups and models linear relationships between the predictor 
and the outcome in each group. Specifically, given a cut point for a predictor, 
two new features are “hinge” or “hockey stick” functions of the original (see 
Fig. 7.3). The “left-hand” feature has values of zero greater than the cut point, 
while the second feature is zero less than the cut point. The new features are 
added to a basic linear regression model to estimate the slopes and intercepts. 
In effect, this scheme creates a piecewise linear model where each new feature 
models an isolated portion of the original data. 

146 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
How was the cut point determined? Each data point for each predictor 
is evaluated as a candidate cut point by creating a linear regression model 
with the candidate features, and the corresponding model error is calculated. 
The predictor/cut point combination that achieves the smallest error is then 
used for the model. The nature of the predictor transformation makes such a 
large number of linear regressions computationally feasible. In some MARS 
implementations, including the one used here, the utility of simple linear 
terms for each predictor (i.e., no hinge function) is also evaluated. 
After the initial model is created with the first two features, the model 
conducts another exhaustive search to find the next set of features that, 
given the initial set, yield the best model fit. This process continues until a 
stopping point is reached (which can be set by the user). 
In the initial search for features in the solubility data, a cut point of 5.9 for 
molecular weight had the smallest error rate. The resulting artificial predic- 
tors are shown in the top two panels of Fig. 7.3. One predictor has all values 
less than the cut point set to zero and values greater than the cut point are 
left unchanged. The second feature is the mirror image of the first. Instead of 
the original data, these two new predictors are used to predict the outcome in 
a linear regression model. The bottom panel of Fig. 7.3 shows the result of the 
linear regression with the two new features and the piecewise nature of the 
relationship. The “left-hand” feature is associated with a negative slope when 
the molecular weight is less than 5.9 while the “right-hand” feature estimates 
a positive slope for larger values of the predictor. 
Mathematically, the hinge function for new features can be written as 
roe fe mee eh) 
A pair of hinge functions is usually written as h(a — a) and h(a — x). The 
first is nonzero when x2 > a, while the second is nonzero when x < a. Note 
that when this is true the value of the function is actually —x. For the MARS 
model shown in Fig. 7.3, the actual model equation would be 
—5 + 2.1 x h(MolW eight — 5.94516) + 3 x h(5.94516 — MolWeight). 
The second term in this equation is associated with the right-hand feature 
shown in Fig. 7.3 while the last component of the equation is the left-hand 
feature. The regression line below the cut is decreasing despite a positive 
coefficient for the last feature. 
Table 7.1 shows the first few steps of the feature generation phase (prior 
to pruning). The features were entered into the linear regression model from 
top to bottom. Here the binary fingerprint descriptor enters the model as 
a plain linear term (splitting a binary variable would be nonsensical). The 
generalized cross-validation (GCV) column shows the estimated RMSE for 

7.2 Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines 147 
ere ie ers gh eh aba iy POG ea 
2 = 
is oO 
Ww 
op) cc <x 
= 
= o 
Za 
0.05 T eg) eas T T T 
4.0 4.5 5.0 bys 6.0 6.5 
Molecular Weight (transformed) 
£ Te 
=; 
Te) ” 
D 
oO 
(S| 
4.0 4.5 5.0 5:5) 6.0 6.5 
Molecular Weight (transformed) 
Fig. 7.3: An example of the features used by MARS for the solubility data. 
After finding a cut point of 5.9 for molecular weight, two new features are 
created and used in a linear regression model. The top two panels show the 
relationship between the original predictor and the two resulting features. 
The bottom panel shows the predicted relationship when using these two 
features in a linear regression model. The red line indicates the contribution 
of the “left-hand” hinge function while the blue line is associated with the 
other feature 

148 . 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
Table 7.1: The results of several iterations of the MARS algorithm prior to 
pruning 
Predictor Type Cut RMSE Coefficient 
Intercept 4.193 —9.33 
MolWeight Right 5.95 2.351 —3.23 
MolWeight Left 5.95 1.148 0.66 
SurfaceAreal Right 1.96 0.935 0.19 
SurfaceAreal Left 1.96 0.861 —0.66 
NumNonHAtoms Right 3.00 0.803 —7.51 
NumNonHAtoms Left 3.00 0.761 8.53 
PPIs? Linear 0.727 1.24 
NumOxygen Right 1.39 0.701 2.22 
NumOxygen Left 1.39 0.683 —0.43 
NumNonHBonds Right 2.58 0.670 Pe Oss| 
NumNonHBonds Left 2.58 0.662 —3.29 
The root mean squared error was estimated using the GCV statistic 
the model containing terms on the current row and all rows above. Prior to 
pruning, each pair of hinge functions is kept in the model despite the slight 
reduction in the estimated RMSE. 
Once the full set of features has been created, the algorithm sequentially 
removes individual features that do not contribute significantly to the model 
equation. This “pruning” procedure assesses each predictor variable and esti- 
mates how much the error rate was decreased by including it in the model. 
This process does not proceed backwards along the path that the features 
were added; some features deemed important at the beginning of the process 
may be removed while features added towards the end might be retained. To 
determine the contribution of each feature to the model, the GCV statistic 
is used. This value is a computational shortcut for linear regression models 
that produces an error value that approximates leave-one-out cross-validation 
(Golub et al. 1979). GCV produces better estimates than the apparent error 
rate for determining the importance of each feature in the model. The num- 
ber of terms to remove can be manually set or treated as a tuning parameter 
and determined using some other form of resampling. 
The process above is a description of an additive MARS model where 
each surrogate feature involves a single predictor. However, MARS can build 
models where the features involve multiple predictors at once. With a second- 
degree MARS model, the algorithm would conduct the same search of a single 
term that improves the model and, after creating the initial pair of features, 
would instigate another search to create new cuts to couple with each of the 
original features. Suppose the pair of hinge functions are denoted as A and B. 

7.2 Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines 149 
The search procedure attempts to find hinge functions C and D that, when 
multiplied by A, result in an improvement in the model; in other words, the 
model would have terms for A, A x B and Ax C. The same procedure would 
occur for feature B. Note that the algorithm will not add additional terms if 
the model is not improved by their addition. Also, the pruning procedure may 
eliminate the additional terms. For MARS models that can include two or 
more terms at a time, we have observed occasional instabilities in the model 
predictions where a few sample predictions are wildly inaccurate (perhaps an 
order of magnitude off of the true value). This problem has not been observed 
with additive MARS models. 
To summarize, there are two tuning parameters associated with the MARS 
model: the degree of the features that are added to the model and the number 
of retained terms. The latter parameter can be automatically determined us- 
ing the default pruning procedure (using GCV), set by the user or determined 
using an external resampling technique. For our analysis of the solubility data, 
we used 10-fold cross-validation to characterize model performance over first- 
and second-order models and 37 values for the number of model terms, rang- 
ing from 2 to 38. The resulting performance profile is shown in Fig. 7.4. There 
appears to be very little difference in the first- and second-degree models in 
terms of RMSE. 
The cross-validation procedure picked a second-degree model with 38 
terms. However, because the profiles of the first- and second-order model 
are almost identical, the more parsimonious first-order model was chosen as 
the final model. This model used 38 terms but was a function of only 30 
predictors (out of a possible 228). 
Cross-validation estimated the RMSE to be 0.7 log units and the R? to 
be 0.887. Recall that the MARS procedure internally uses GCV to estimate 
model performance. Using GCV, the RMSE was estimated to be 0.4 log 
units and an R? of 0.908. Using the test set of 316 samples, the RMSE was 
determined to be 0.7 with a corresponding R? of 0.879. Clearly, the GCV 
estimates are more encouraging than those obtained by the cross-validation 
procedure or the test set. However, note that the internal GCV estimate 
that MARS employs evaluates an individual model while the external cross- 
validation procedure is exposed to the variation in the entire model building 
process, including feature selection. Since the GCV estimate does not reflect 
the uncertainty from feature selection, it suffers from selection bias (Ambroise 
and McLachlan 2002). This phenomenon will be discussed more in Chap. 19. 
There are several advantages to using MARS. First, the model automat- 
ically conducts feature selection; the model equation is independent of pre- 
dictor variables that are not involved with any of the final model features. 
This point cannot be underrated. Given a large number of predictors seen in 
many problem domains, MARS potentially thins the predictor set using the 
same algorithm that builds the model. In this way, the feature selection rou- 
tine has a direct connection to functional performance. The second advantage 
is interpretability. Each hinge feature is responsible for modeling a specific 

150 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
_Product Degree 
pie pr 
RMSE (Cross—Validation) 
#Terms 
Fig. 7.4: RMSE profiles for the MARS model. The cross-validation procedure 
picked a second-degree model with 38 terms, although there is little difference 
between the first- and second-degree models. Given this equivalence, the more 
simplistic first-order model was chosen as the final model 
region in the predictor space using a (piecewise) linear model. When the 
MARS model is additive, the contribution of each predictor can be isolated 
without the need to consider the others. This can be used to provide clear 
interpretations of how each predictor relates to the outcome. For nonaddi- 
tive models, the interpretive power of the model is not reduced. Consider a 
second-degree feature involving two predictors. Since each hinge function is 
split into two regions, three of the four possible regions will be zero and offer 
no contribution to the model. Because of this, the effect of the two factors 
can be further isolated, making the interpretation as simple as the additive 
model. Finally, the MARS model requires very little pre-processing of the 
data; data transformations and the filtering of predictors are not needed. For 
example, a zero variance predictor will never be chosen for a split since it 
offers no possible predictive information. Correlated predictors do not drasti- 
cally affect model performance, but they can complicate model interpretation. 
Suppose the training set contained two predictors that were nearly perfectly 
correlated. Since MARS can select a predictor more than once during the 
iterations, the choice of which predictor is used in the feature is essentially 
random. In this case, the model interpretation is hampered by two redun- 
dant pieces of iiformation that show up in different parts of the model under 
different names. 
Another method to help understand the nature of how the predictors affect 
the model is to quantify their importance to the model. For MARS, one tech- 

7.3 Support Vector Machines 151 
nique for doing this is to track the reduction in the root mean squared error 
(as measured using the GCV statistic) that occurs when adding a particular 
feature to the model. This reduction is attributed to the original predictor(s) 
associated with the feature. These improvements in the model can be aggre- 
gated for each predictor as a relative measure of the impact on the model. As 
seen in Table 7.1, there is a drop in the RMSE from 4.19 to 1.15 (a reduction 
of 3.04) after the two molecular weight features were added to the model. 
After this, adding terms for the first surface area predictor decreases the er- 
ror by 0.29. Given these numbers, it would appear that the molecular weight 
predictor is more important to the model than the first surface area predictor. 
This process is repeated for every predictor used in the model. Predictors that 
were not used in any feature have an importance of zero. For the solubility 
model, the predictors MolWeight, NumNonHAtoms, and SurfaceArea2 appear 
to be have the greatest influence on the MARS model (see the Computing 
section at the end of the chapter for more details). 
Figure 7.5 illustrates the interpretability of the additive MARS model with 
the continuous predictors. For each panel, the line represents the prediction 
profile for that variable when all the others are held constant at their mean 
level. The additive nature of the model allows each predictor to be viewed in 
isolation; changing the values of the other predictor variables will not alter 
the shape of the profile, only the location on the y-axis where the profile 
starts. 
7.3 Support Vector Machines 
SVMs are a class of powerful, highly flexible modeling techniques. The theory 
behind SVMs was originally developed in the context of classification models. 
Later, in Chap. 13, the motivation for this technique is discussed in its more 
natural form. For regression, we follow Smola (1996) and Drucker et al. (1997) 
and motivate this technique in the framework of robust regression where we 
seek to minimize the effect of outliers on the regression equations. Also, there 
are several flavors of support vector regression and we focus on one particular 
technique called €-insensitive regression. 
Recall that linear regression seeks to find parameter estimates that mini- 
mize SSE (Sect. 6.2). One drawback of minimizing SSE is that the parameter 
estimates can be influenced by just one observation that falls far from the 
overall trend in the data. When data may contain influential observations, 
an alternative minimization metric that is less sensitive, such as the Huber 
function, can be used to find the best parameter estimates. This function uses 
the squared residuals when they are “small” and uses the absolute residuals 
when the residuals are large. See Fig. 6.6 on p. 110 for an illustration. 
SVMs for regression use a function similar to the Huber function, with 
an important difference. Given a threshold set by the user (denoted as €), 

152 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
4'0' 4:5: 5.0 5:5) 16:0) 16.5 
= 
__ SurfaceAreal _ WhO RS! 12iONs2'5) S05) 4/0)" 10 5 10 15) 20 
NumMultBonds Oxyg 
Predicted Outcome 0 5 10 15 20 0 2 4 6 (OY Osh Oy) ajetss TG es) 
a NumNitrogen NumNonHBonds —__ ____ NumRotBonds 
T ice al T T val se es a T T | 7 ee T 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 1 2 Si 4 5 6 0.0.0.5: 10 5° 2.0) 25 
_NumAromaticBonds _ NumChlorine drophilicFactor 
(OHS), Ki T a? nT | 
O72) 30r3" 1014: 0:5 -2 0 2 
Fig. 7.5: The predicted relationship between the outcome and the continu- 
ous predictors using the MARS model (holding all other predictors at their 
mean value). The additive nature of the model allows each predictor to be 
viewed in isolation. Note that the final predicted values are the summation of 
each individual profile. The panels are ordered from top to bottom by their 
importance to the model 

7.3 Support Vector Machines 153 
data points with residuals within the threshold do not contribute to the 
regression fit while data points with an absolute difference greater than the 
threshold contribute a linear-scale amount. There are several consequences to 
this approach. First, since the squared residuals are not used, large outliers 
have a limited effect on the regression equation. Second, samples that the 
model fits well (i.e., the residuals are small) have no effect on the regression 
equation. In fact, if the threshold is set to a relatively large value, then the 
outliers are the only points that define the regression line! This is somewhat 
counterintuitive: the poorly predicted points define the line. However, this 
approach has been shown to be very effective in defining the model. 
To estimate the model parameters, SVM uses the ¢ loss function shown in 
Fig. 7.6 but also adds a penalty. The SVM regression coefficients minimize 
Fe P 
Cost Le(yi — Yi) + ye. 
(= =! 
where L,(-) is the e-insensitive function. The Cost parameter is the cost 
penalty that is set by the user, which penalizes large residuals.? 
Recall that the simple linear regression model predicted new samples using 
linear combinations of the data and parameters. For a new sample, u, the 
prediction equation is 
g9=8otfimt+...+ Bpup 
P 
= Bot >) yt; 
pail 
The linear support vector machine prediction function is very similar. The pa- 
rameter estimates can be written as functions of a set of unknown parameters 
(a;) and the training set data points so that 
= PoP ida ant CRP 
P 
= 60 +S By 
J=u 
digs Pa) 
= Po + Se Ds Oj Lij Uj 
j=l i=1 
1 The penalty here is written as the reverse of ridge regression or weight decay in 
neural networks since it is attached to residuals and not the parameters. 

154 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
al oa 
x v4 
at 0 4 
= nN 
re = 
Contribution 
Residual 
Fig. 7.6: The relationship between a model residual and its contribution to 
the regression line for several techniques. For the Huber approach, a threshold 
of 2 was used while for the support vector machine, a value of € = 1 was used. 
Note that the y-axis scales are different to make the figures easier to read 
There are several aspects of this equation worth pointing out. First, 
there are as many a@ parameters as there are data points. From the stand- 
point of classical regression modeling, this model would be considered over- 
parameterized; typically, it is better to estimate fewer parameters than data 
points. However, the use of the cost value effectively regularizes the model to 
help alleviate this problem. 
Second, the individual training set data points (i.e., the 7;;) are required 
for new predictions. When the training set is large, this makes the prediction 
equations less compact than other techniques. However, for some percentage 
of the training set samples, the a; parameters will be exactly zero, indicat- 
ing that they have no impact on the prediction equation. The data points 
associated with an a; parameter of zero are the training set samples that 
are within +e of the regression line (i.e., are within the “funnel” or “tube” 
around the regression line). As a consequence, only a subset of training set 

7.3 Support Vector Machines 155 
data points, where a ¥ 0, are needed for prediction. Since the regression line 
is determined using these samples, they are called the support vectors as they 
support the regression line. ; 
Figure 7.7 illustrates the robustness of this model. A simple linear model 
was simulated with a slope of 4 and an intercept of 1; one extreme outlier 
was added to the data. The top panel shows the model fit for a linear regres- 
sion model (black solid line) and a support vector machine regression model 
(blue dashed line) with « = 0.01. The linear regression line is pulled towards 
this point, resulting in estimates of the slope and intercept of 3.5 and 1.2, 
respectively. The support vector regression fit is shown in blue and is much 
closer to the true regression line with a slope of 3.9 and an intercept of 0.9. 
The middle panel again shows the SVM model, but the support vectors are 
solid black circles and the other points are shown in red. The horizontal grey 
reference lines indicate zero + €., Out of 100 data points, 70 of these were 
support vectors. 
Finally, note that in the last form of Eq. 7.2, the new samples enter into 
the prediction function as sum of cross products with the new sample values. 
In matrix algebra terms, this corresponds to a dot product (i.e., x/u). This is 
important because this regression equation can be rewritten more generally 
as nr 
f(u) = Bot ck, u), 
i=1 
where A(-) is called the kernel function. When predictors enter the model 
linearly, the kernel function reduces to a simple sum of cross products shown 
above: P 
Ree w)= Ser =A. 
j=1 
ize the regression model and encompass nonlinear functions of the predictors: 
A / degree 
polynomial = (@ (x’u) + 1)°% 
; 5 radial basis function = exp(—o||x — ul|*) 
. tf 
hyperbolic tangent = tanh (¢ (xu) + 1), 
where @ and o are scaling parameters. Since these functions of the predictors 
lead to nonlinear models, this generalization is often called the “kernel trick.” 
To illustrate the ability of this model to adapt to nonlinear relationships, 
we simulated data that follow a sin wave in the bottom of Fig. 7.7. Outliers 
were also added to these data. A linear regression model with an intercept and 
a term for sin(a) was fit to the model (solid black line). Again, the regression 
line is pulled towards the outlying points. An SVM model with a radial basis 
kernel function is represented by the blue dashed line (without specifying the 
sin functional form). This line better describes the overall structure of the 
data. 

156 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
oO 
= [e) oO 
= 
O 
—— Least Squares 
ON 
o =} 
aS) i?p) 
®o 
cc 
oO 
€ jo) 
oO 
S| 
O 
2 4 6 8 10 
Predictor 
Fig. 7.7: The robustness qualities of SVM models. Top: a small simulated 
data set with a single large outlier is used to show the difference between an 
ordinary regression line (red) and the linear SVM model (blue). Middle: the 
SVM residuals versus the predicted values (the upper end of the y-axis scale 
was reduced to make the plot more readable). The plot symbols indicate the 
support vectors (shown as grey colored circles) and the other samples (red 
crosses). The horizontal lines are te = 0.01. Bottom: A simulated sin wave 
with several outliers. The red line is an ordinary regression line (intercept and 
a term for sin(a#)) and the blue line is a radial basis function SVM model 

7.3 Support Vector Machines Si 
Which kernel function should be used? This depends on the problem. The 
radial basis function has been shown to be very effective. However, when the 
regression line is truly linear, the linear kernel function will be a better choice. 
Note that some of the kernel functions have extra parameters. For example, 
the polynomial degree in the polynomial kernel must be specified. Similarly, 
the radial basis function has a parameter (a7) that controls the scale. These 
parameters, along with the cost value, constitute the tuning parameters for 
the model. In the case of the radial basis function, there is a possible com- 
putational shortcut to estimating the kernel parameter. Caputo et al. (2002) 
suggested that the parameter can be estimated using combinations of the 
training set points to calculate the distribution of ||a — 2’||?, then use the 
10th and 90th percentiles as a range for o. Instead of tuning this parame- 
ter over a grid of candidate values, we can use the midpoint of these two 
percentiles. . 
The cost parameter is the main tool for adjusting the complexity of the 
model. When the cost is large, the model becomes very flexible since the 
effect of errors is amplified. When the cost is small, the model will “stiffen” 
and become less likely to over-fit (but more likely to underfit) because the 
contribution of the squared parameters is proportionally large in the modified 
error function. One could also tune the model over the size of the funnel (e.g., 
over €). However, there is a relationship between € and the cost parameter. 
In our experience, we have found that the cost parameter provides more 
flexibility for tuning the model. So we suggest fixing a value for € and tuning 
over the other kernel parameters. 
Since the predictors enter into the model as the sum of cross products, 
differences in the predictor scales can affect the model. Therefore, we recom- 
mend centering and scaling the predictors prior to building an SVM model. 
SVMs were applied to the solubility data. First, a radial basis function 
kernel was used. The kernel parameter was estimated analytically to be 
a = 0.0039 and the model was tuned over 14 cost values between 0.25 and 
2048 on the logg scale (Fig. 7.8). When the cost values are small, the model 
under-fits the data, but, as the error starts to increase when the cost ap- 
proaches 2!°, over-fitting begins. The cost value associated with the smallest 
RMSE was 128. A polynomial model was also evaluated. Here, we tuned over 
the cost, the polynomial degree, and a scale factor. In general, quadratic mod- 
els have smaller error rates than the linear models. Also, models associated 
with larger-scale factors have better performance. The optimal model was 
quadratic with a scale factor of 0.01 and a cost value of 2 (Fig. 7.9). 
As a comparison, both the optimal radial basis and the polynomial SVM 
models use a similar number of support vectors, 623 and 627, respectively (out 
of 951 training samples). Also it is important to point out that tuning the 
radial basis function kernel parameter was easier than tuning the polynomial 
model (which has three tuning parameters). 
The literature on SVM models and other kernel methods has been vi- 
brant and many alternate methodologies have been proposed. One method, 

158 . 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
seer ee oS 
0.80 D 
5 % 0.75 + 
3 
< 
3 0.70 . 
Oo 
O = 0:65 2 [ 
0.60 set ae ae 
200 205 210 
Cost 
Fig. 7.8: The cross-validation profiles for a radial basis function SVM model 
applied to the solubility data. The kernel parameter was estimated analyti- 
cally to be go = 0.0039 
Polynomial Degree 
a ee 
POSE 20) 22 es 
Ses eee as 2 a oo 
scale: 0.001 | scale: 0.005. “i scale: 0.010 _ 
= EO i 
2 
ic BS =a 0.9 i 
> 
L n 
2 08> 
= 
el - 
ig Renee 99g 9 I 0.6 + L 
Semeee ie oe Seas I aS eT ae oli i a 
22 eNO 22 es CUS AN) AND Da 
Cost 
Fig. 7.9: Cross-validation results for the polynomial SVM model for the sol- 
ubility data. The final model was fit using a quadratic model with a scale 
factor of 0.01 and a cost value of 2 

7.4 K-Nearest Neighbors 159 
the relevance vector machine (Tipping 2001), is a Bayesian analog to the 
SVM model. In this case, the a parameters described above have associated 
prior distributions and the selection of relevance vectors is determined using 
their posterior distribution. If the posterior distribution is highly concen- 
trated around zero, the sample is not used in the prediction equation. There 
are usually less relevance vectors in this model than support vectors in an 
SVM model. 
7.4 K-Nearest Neighbors 
The KNN approach simply predicts a new sample using the A-closest sam- 
ples from the training set (similar to Fig. 4.3). Unlike other methods in this 
chapter, ANN cannot be cleanly summarized by a model like the one pre- 
sented in Eq. 7.2. Instead, its construction is solely based on the individual 
samples from the training data. To predict a new sample for regression, K NN 
identifies that sample’s K NNs in the predictor space. The predicted response 
for the new sample is then the mean of the K neighbors’ responses. Other 
summary statistics, such as the median, can also be used in place of the mean 
to predict the new sample. 
The basic ANN method as described above depends on how the user 
defines distance between samples. Euclidean distance (i.e., the straight-line 
distance between two samples) is the most commonly used metric and is 
defined as follows: ' 
P 2 
Dany, — Lbj ie 
va 
where x, and xp are two individual samples. Minkowski distance is a gener- 
alization of Euclidean distance and is defined as 
i 
q P 
oe |Laj — Xo; bP 
5! 
where gq > 0 (Liu 2007). It is easy to see that when q = 2, then Minkowski 
distance is the same as Euclidean distance. When gq = 1, then Minkowski dis- 
tance is equivalent to Manhattan (or city-block) distance, which is a common 
metric used for samples with binary predictors. Many other distance metrics 
exist, such as Tanimoto, Hamming, and cosine, and are more appropriate 
for specific types of predictors and in specific scientific contexts. ‘Tanimoto 
distance, for example, is regularly used in computational chemistry prob- 
lems when molecules are described using binary fingerprints (McCarren et al. 
2000, 

160 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
Because the ANN method fundamentally depends on distance between 
samples, the scale of the predictors can have a dramatic influence on the 
distances among samples. Data with predictors that are on vastly different 
scales will generate distances that are weighted towards predictors that have 
the largest scales. That is, predictors with the largest scales will contribute 
most to the distance between samples. To avoid this potential bias and to 
enable each predictor to contribute equally to the distance calculation, we 
recommend that all predictors be centered and scaled prior to performing 
KNN. 
In addition to the issue of scaling, using distances between samples can 
be problematic if one or more of the predictor values for a sample is miss- 
ing, since it is then not possible to compute the distance between samples. 
If this is the case, then the analyst has a couple of options. First, either the 
samples or the predictors can be excluded from the analysis. This is the least 
desirable option; however, it may be the only practical choice if the sam- 
ple(s) or predictor(s) are sparse. If a predictor contains a sufficient amount 
of information across the samples, then an alternative approach is to impute 
the missing data using a naive estimator such as the mean of the predictor, 
or a nearest neighbor approach that uses only the predictors with complete 
information (see Sect. 3.4). 
Upon pre-processing the data and selecting the distance metric, the next 
step is to find the optimal number of neighbors. Like tuning parameters from 
other models, A can be determined by resampling. For the solubility data, 
20 values of A ranging between 1 and 20 were evaluated. As illustrated in 
Fig. 7.10, the RMSE profile rapidly decreases across the first four values of 
kK, then levels off through AK = 8, followed by a steady increase in RMSE as 
K increases. This performance profile is typical for A NN, since small values 
of AK usually over-fit and large values of AK underfit the data. RMSE ranged 
from 1.041 to 1.23 across the candidate values, with the minimum occurring 
at K = 4; cross-validated R? at the optimum K is 0.747. 
The elementary version of K'NN is intuitive and straightforward and can 
produce decent predictions, especially when the response is dependent on 
the local predictor structure. However, this version does have some notable 
problems, of which researchers have sought solutions. Two commonly noted 
problems are computational time and the disconnect between local structure 
and the predictive ability of ANN. 
First, to predict a sample, distances between the sample and all other 
samples must be computed. Computation time therefore increases with n 
because the training data must be loaded into memory and because distances 
between the new sample and all of the training samples must be computed. To 
mitigate this problem, one can replace the original data with a less memory- 
intensive representation of the data that describes the locations of the original 
data. One specific example of this representation is a k-dimensional tree (or k- 
d tree) (Bentley 1975). A k-d tree orthogonally partitions the predictor space 
using a tree approach but with different rules than the kinds of trees described 

7.5 Computing 161 
ane2Or Le 
ne) 
is ZS 
S = ted Dey 
wn 
no 
2 
oO Let! = L 
n 
= cc 
iLOSr 
5 10 15 20 
#Neighbors 
Fig. 7.10: The RMSE cross-validation profile for a kK NN model applied to 
the solubility data. The optimal number of neighbors is 4 
in Chap.8. After the tree has been grown, a new sample is placed through 
the structure. Distances are only computed for those training observations in 
the tree that are close to the new sample. This approach provides significant 
computational improvements, especially when the number of training samples 
is much larger than the number of predictors. 
The KNN method can have poor predictive performance when local pre- 
dictor structure is not relevant to the response. Irrelevant or noisy predictors 
are one culprit, since these can cause similar samples to be driven away from 
each other in the predictor space. Hence, removing irrelevant, noise-laden pre- 
dictors is a key pre-processing step for A NN. Another approach to enhancing 
KNN predictivity is to weight the neighbors’ contribution to the prediction 
of a new sample based on their distance to the new sample. In this variation, 
training samples that are closer to the new sample contribute more to the 
predicted response, while those that are farther away contribute less to the 
predicted response. 
7.5 Computing 
This section will reference functions from the caret, earth, kernlab, and nnet 
packages. 
R has a number of packages and functions for creating neural networks. 
Relevant packages include nnet, neural, and RSNNS. The nnet package is the 
focus here since it supports the basic neural network models outlined in this 

162 . 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
chapter (i.e., a single layer of hidden units) and weight decay and has sim- 
ple syntax. RSNNS supports a wide array of neural networks. Bergmeir and 
Benitez (2012) outline the various neural network packages in R and contain 
a tutorial on RSNNS. 
Neural Networks 
To fit a regression model, the nnet function takes both the formula and non- 
formula interfaces. For regression, the linear relationship between the hidden 
units and the prediction can be used with the option linout = TRUE. A basic 
neural network function call would be 
> nnetFit <- nnet (predictors, outcome, 
size = 5, 
decay = 0.01, 
linout = TRUE, 
## Reduce the amount of printed output 
trace = FALSE, 
## Expand the number of iterations to find 
## parameter estimates. . 
maxit = 500, 
## and the number of parameters used by the model 
MaxNWts = 5 * (ncol(predictors) + 1) + 5 + 1) ++ tetettet +t 
This would create a single model with 5 hidden units. Note, this assumes that 
the data in predictors have been standardized to be on the same scale. 
To use model averaging, the avNNet function in the caret package has nearly 
identical syntax: 
> nnetAvg <- avNNet(predictors, outcome, 
Size = 25, 
decay — 0-01; 
## Specify how many models to average 
repeats = 5, 
linout = TRUE, 
## Reduce the amount of printed output 
trace = FALSE, 
## Expand the number of iterations to find 
## parameter estimates.. 
maxit = 500, 
## and the number of parameters used by the model 
MaxNWts = 5 * (ncol(predictors) + 1) + 5 + 1) tot fb Et Ee A se + 
Again, new samples are processed using 
> predict(nnetFit, newData) 
> ## or ; 
> predict(nnetAvg, newData) 
To minic the earlier approach of choosing the number of hidden units and 
the amount of weight decay via resampling, the train function can be applied 

7.5 Computing 163 
using either method = "nnet" or method = "avNNet". First, we remove predic- 
tors to ensure that the maximum absolute pairwise correlation between the 
predictors is less than 0.75. 
## The findCorrelation takes a correlation matrix and determines the 
## column numbers that should be removed to keep all pair-wise 
## correlations below a threshold 
tooHigh <- findCorrelation(cor(solTrainxtrans), cutoff = .75) 
trainXnnet <- solTrainXtrans[, -tooHigh] 
testXnnet <- solTestXtrans[, -tooHigh] 
## Create a specific candidate set of models to evaluate: 
nnetGrid <- expand.grid(.decay = c(0, 0.01, .1), 
—sizer— ciCLawO)), 
## The next option is to use bagging (see the 
## next chapter) instead of different random 
## seeds. 
. bag =‘FALSE) 
set.seed(100) 
nmnetTune <- train(solTrainxtrans, solTrainY, 
method = "avNNet", 
tuneGrid = nnetGrid, 
tEControl = icbrelk, 
## Automatically standardize data prior to modeling 
## and prediction 
preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
linout = TRUE, 
trace = FALSE, 
MaxNWts = 10) * (col GrainxXnnet) + 1) + 10° + 1, 
maxit = 500) oh pH RE ee VOY oe te EO nN 
Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines 
MARS models are in several packages, but the most extensive implementation 
is in the earth package. The MARS model using the nominal forward pass 
and pruning step can be called simply 
> marsFit <- earth(solTrainXtrans, solTrainY) 
> marsFit 
Selected 38 of 47 terms, and 30 of 228 predictors 
Importance: NumNonHAtoms, MolWeight, SurfaceArea2, SurfaceAreal, FP142, 
Number of terms at each degree of interaction: 1 37 (additive model) 
GCV 0.3877448 RSS: 302.807 GRSq 0.907529 Rsq 0.9213739 
Note that since this model used the internal GCV technique for model selec- 
tion, the details of this model are different than the one used previously in 
the chapter. The summary method generates more extensive output: 
> summary (marsFit) 

164 . 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
Call: earth(x=solTrainXtrans, y=solTrainY) 
coefficients 
(Intercept) -3.223749 
FPOO02 0.517848 
FPO03 -0.228759 
FPO59 -0.582140 
FPO65 -0.273844 
FPO75 0.285520 
FP083 -0.629746 
FPO85 -0.235622 
FPO99 0.325018 
FP1i11 -0.403920 
FP135 0.394901 
FP142 0.407264 
FP154 -0.620757 
FP172 -0.514016 
FP176 0.308482 
FP188 0.425123 
FP202 0.302688 
FP204 -0.311739 
FP207 0.457080 
h(MolWeight-5.77508) -1.801853 
h(5.94516-MolWeight ) ORS1T3322 
h(NumNonHAtoms-2.99573) -3.247622 
h(2.99573-NumNonHAtoms) 2520805 
h(2.57858-NumNonHBonds ) -0.564690 
h(NumMultBonds-1.85275) -0.370480 
h(NumRotBonds-2.19722) -2.753687 
h(2.19722-NumRotBonds) 0.123978 
h(NumAromaticBonds-2.48491) -1.453716 
h(NumNitrogen-0.584815) 8.239716 
h(0.584815-NumNitrogen) -1.542868 
h(NumOxygen-1.38629) 3.304643 
h(1.38629-NumOxygen) -0.620413 
h(NumChlorine-0.46875) -50.431489 
h(HydrophilicFactor- -0.816625) 0.237565 
h(-0.816625-HydrophilicFactor) -0.370998 
h(SurfaceArea1-1.9554) 0.149166 
h(SurfaceArea2-4.66178) -0.169960 
h(4.66178-SurfaceArea2) -0.157970 
Selected 38 of 47 terms, and 30 of 228 predictors 
Importance: NumNonHAtoms, MolWeight, SurfaceArea2, SurfaceAreal, FP1i42, 
Number of terms at each degree of interaction: 1 37 (additive model) 
GCV 0.3877448 RSS 312.877 GRSq 0.907529 RSq 0.9213739 
In this output, A(-) is the hinge function. In’ the output above, the term 
h(MolWeight-5.77508) is zero when the molecular weight is less than 5.77508 
(i.e., similar to the top panel of Fig. 7.3). The reflected hinge function would 
be shown as h(5.77508 - MolWeight). 

7.5 Computing 165 
The plotmo function in the earth package can be used to produce plots 
similar to Fig. 7.5. To tune the model using external resampling, the train 
function can be used. The following code reproduces the results in Fig. 7.4: 
> # Define the candidate models to test 
> marsGrid <- expand.grid(.degree = 1:2, .nprune = 2:38) 
> # Fix the seed so that the results can be reproduced 
> set.seed(100) 
> marsTuned <- train(solTrainxtrans, solTrainyY, 
ef method = "earth", 
17 # Explicitly declare the candidate models to test 
oF tuneGrid = marsGrid, 
ae trControl = trainControl (method = "cv")) 
> marsTuned 
951 samples 
228 predictors 
No pre-processing 
Resampling: Cross-Validation (10-fold) 
Summary of sample sizes: 856, 857, 855, 856, 856, 855, 
Resampling results across tuning parameters: 
degree nprune RMSE Rsquared RMSE SD Rsquared SD 
i 2 1.54 0.438 0.128 0.0802 
i 3 ieee) Ot 0.0968 0.0647 
i 4 1.06 0.73 0.0849 0.0594 
1 5 dn OZ CO) avAs) 0.102 0.0551 
iL 6 0.984 0.768 0.0733 0.042 
il 7 ORS TOL 726 0.0657 0.0432 
1 8 0.862 0.821 0.0418 0.0237 
Z 33 0.701 0.883 0.068 0.0307 
z 34 0.702 0.883 0.0699 0.0307 
2 35 0.696 0.885 0.0746 0.0315 
Z 36 0.687 0.887 0.0604 0.0281 
2 of 0.696 0.885 0.0689 OnO2Zom 
2 38 0.686 0.887 0.0626 0.029 
RMSE was used to select the optimal model using the smallest value. 
The final values used for the model were degree = 1 and nprune = 38. 
> head (predict (marsTuned, solTestXtrans) ) 
[1] 0.3677522 -0.1503220 -0.5051844 0.5398116 -0.4792718 0.7377222 
There are two functions that estimate the importance of each predictor in 
the MARS model: evimp in the earth package and varImp in the caret package 
(although the latter calls the former): 

166 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
> varImp(marsTuned) 
earth variable importance 
only 20 most important variables shown (out of 228) 
Overall 
MolWeight 100.00 
NumNonHAtoms 89.96 
SurfaceArea2 89.51 
SurfaceAreal 57.34 
FP142 44.31 
FPO02 39.23 
NumMultBonds Sor2s 
FP204 SCout lO) 
FP172 34.96 
NumOxygen 30.70 
NumNitrogen Dove: 
FP083 2 Beau 
NumNonHBonds 26.58 
FPO59 24.76 
FP135 23/64 
FP154 PRN PAO) 
FP207 19.05 
FP202 17.92 
NumRotBonds 16.94 
FPO085 16.02 
These results are scaled to be between 0 and 100 and are different than those 
shown in Table 7.1 (since the model in Table 7.1 did not undergo the full 
model growing and pruning process). Note that after the first few variables, 
the remainder have much smaller importance to the model. 
Support Vector Machines 
There are a number of R packages with implementations of support vector 
machine models. The svm function in the el1071 package has an interface to 
the LIBSVM library (Chang and Lin 2011) for regression. A more compre- 
hensive implementation of SVM models for regression is the kernlab package 
(Karatzoglou et al. 2004). In that package, the ksvm function is available for 
regression models and a large number of kernel functions. The radial basis 
function is the default kernel function. If appropriate values of the cost and 
kernel parameters are known, this model can be fit as 
> svmFit <- ksvm(x = solTrainXtrans, y = solTrainY, 
is kernel ="rbfdot", kpar = "automatic", 
+ ~ ¢ = 1, epsilon = 0.1) 
The function automatically uses the analytical approach to estimate o. Since 
y is a numeric vector, the function knows to fit a regression model (instead 

7.5 Computing 167 
of a classification model). Other kernel functions can be used, including the 
polynomial (using kernel = "polydot") and linear (kernel = "vanilladot"). 
If the values are unknown, they can be estimated through resampling. In 
train, the method values of "svmRadial", "svmLinear", Or "svmPoly" fit different 
kernels: 
> svmRTuned <- train(solTrainXtrans, solTrainY, 
+ method = "svmRadial", 
Ae preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
1 tuneLength = 14, 
i trControl = trainControl(method = "cv")) 
The tuneLength argument will use the default grid search of 14 cost values 
between 2~7,2-1,...,2''. Again, o is estimated analytically by default. 
> svmRTuned 
951 samples 
228 predictors 
Pre-processing: centered, scaled 
Resampling: Cross-Validation (10-fold) 
Summary of sample sizes: 855, 858, 856, 855, 855, 856, 
Resampling results across tuning parameters: 
C RMSE Rsquared RMSE SD Rsquared SD 
On2 Se On93 Ore 0.105 0.0396 
O25 (0.708 0.889 0.0936 0.0345 
1 0.664 0.898 0.0834 0.0306 
2 0.642 0.903 OOS OLO2K 7 
4 0.629 0.906 0.067 0.0253 
8 0.621 0.908 0.0634 0.0238 
16 Ox617/ SI02909 0.0602 0.0232 
32 0.613 0.91 0.06 0.0234 
64 ORG Onoda 0.0586 0.0231 
128 SOnG09 10-0 nl 0.0561 0.0223 
256, 0609) MOR Oi 0.056 0.0224 
Sis Weak lee palal 0.0563 0.0226 
1020) Ol613° 1O2OL 0.0563 0.023 
2050) VOCS) 1On909 0.0541 0.023 
Tuning parameter 'sigma' was held constant at a value of 0.00387 
RMSE was used to select the optimal model using the smallest value. 
The final values used for the model were C = 256 and sigma = 0.00387. 
The subobject named finalModel contains the model created by the ksvm 
function: 
> svmRTuned$finalModel 
Support Vector Machine object of class "ksvm" 
SV type: eps-svr (regression) 
parameter : epsilon = 0.1 cost C = 256 

168 . 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
Gaussian Radial Basis kernel function. 
Hyperparameter : sigma = 0.00387037424967707 
Number of Support Vectors : 625 
Objective Function Value : -1020.558 
Training error : 0.009163 
Here, we see that the model used 625 training set data points as support 
vectors (66% of the training set). 
kernlab has an implementation of the RVM model for regression in the 
function rvm. The syntax is very similar to the example shown for ksvm. 
K-Nearest Neighbors 
The knnreg function in the caret package fits the A NN regression model; train 
tunes the model over Kk: 
> # Remove a few sparse and unbalanced fingerprints first 
> knnDescr <- solTrainXtrans[, -nearZeroVar(solTrainxtrans) ] 
> set.seed(100) 
> knnTune <- train(knnDescr, 
+ solTrainy, 
+ method = "knn", 
=r # Center and scaling will occur for new predictions too 
+ preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
+ tuneGrid = data.frame(.k = 1:20), 
=F trControl = trainControl(method = "cv")) 
When predicting new samples using this object, the new samples are auto- 
matically centered and scaled using the values determined by the training set. 
Exercises 
7.1. Simulate a single predictor and a nonlinear relationship, such as a sin 
wave shown in Fig. 7.7, and investigate the relationship between the cost, «, 
and kernel parameters for a support vector machine model: 
set.seed(100) 
x <- runif(100, min = 2, max = 10) 
y <- sin(x) + rnorm(length(x)) * .25 
sinData <- data.frame(x = x, y=y) 
plot(x, y) 
## Create a grid of x values to use for prediction 
dataGrid <- data.frame(x = seq(2, 10, length = 100)) Ve NENG NN REINZ ME 

7.5 Computing 169 
(a) Fit different models using a radial basis function and different values of 
the cost (the C parameter) and e. Plot the fitted curve. For example: 
> library (kernlab) 
rbfSVM <- ksvm(x = x, y = y, data = sinData, 
kernel ="rbfdot", kpar = "automatic", 
C = 1, epsilon = 0.1) 
modelPrediction <- predict(rbfSVM, newdata = dataGrid) 
## This is a matrix with one column. We can plot the 
## model predictions by adding points to the previous plot 
points(x = dataGrid$x, y = modelPrediction[,1], 
type = "1", col = "blue") 
## Try other parameters NTS ONAN SNS ON Nine tee 
(b) The o parameter can be adjusted using the kpar argument, such as 
kpar = list(sigma = 1). Try different values of o to understand how this 
parameter changes the model fit. How do the cost, €, and o values affect 
the model? 
7.2. Friedman (1991) introduced several benchmark data sets create by sim- 
ulation. One of these simulations used the following nonlinear equation to 
create data: 
y = 10sin(m21 22) + 20(a3 — 0.5)? + 1024 + 525 + N(0, 07) 
where the x values are random variables uniformly distributed between [0, 1] 
(there are also 5 other non-informative variables also created in the simula- 
tion). The package mlbench contains a function called mlbench.friedmani that 
simulates these data: 
library (mlbench) 
set.seed(200) 
trainingData <- mlbench.friedmani(200, -sd = 1) 
## We convert the 'x' data from a matrix to a data frame 
## One reason is that this will give the columns names. 
trainingData$x <- data. frame(trainingData$x) 
## Look at the data using 
featurePlot (trainingData$x, trainingDataf$y) 
## or other methods. 
## This creates a list with a vector 'y' and a matrix 
## of predictors 'x'. Also simulate a large test set to 
## estimate the true error rate with good precision: 
testData <- mlbench.friedman1(5000, sd = 1) 
testDatag$x <- data. frame(testData$x) 
NO ININE NONE SNE TENIE NE INAED NURIA NATENE EE NIC TNE 
Tune several models on these data. For example: 
library (caret) 
knnModel <- train(x = trainingData$x, 
y = trainingDatafy, 
method = "knn", + = ww 

170 7 Nonlinear Regression Models 
+ preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
+ tuneLength = 10) 
> knnModel 
200 samples 
10 predictors 
Pre-processing: centered, scaled 
Resampling: Bootstrap (25 reps) 
Summary of sample sizes: 200, 200, 200, 200, 200, 200, 
Resampling results across tuning parameters: 
k RMSE Rsquared RMSE SD Rsquared SD 
5 63 .pl! 60496 0.238 0.0641 
7 3.36 0.536 0.24 0.0617 
Qs oy OnbSo 0.251 0.0546 
11 3.24 0.586 0.252 0.0501 
13) 322) OF61 0.234 0.0465 
15 3219) 02623 0.264 0.0496 
DS 9) S063 0.286 0.0528 
19 3.18 0.643 0.274 0.048 
21 3.2 0.646 0.269 0.0464 
23) S62 | 02652 0.267 0.0465 
RMSE was used to select the optimal model using the smallest value. 
The final value used for the model was k = 19. 
knnPred <- predict(knnModel, newdata = testData$x) 
## The function 'postResample' can be used to get the test set 
## perforamnce values 
postResample(pred = knnPred, obs = testData$y) WO NeW 
RMSE Rsquared 
3.2286834 0.6871735 
Which models appear to give the best performance? Does MARS select the 
informative predictors (those named xi-x5)? 
7.3. For the Tecator data described in the last chapter, build SVM, neural 
network, MARS, and ANN models. Since neural networks are especially sen- 
sitive to highly correlated predictors, does pre-processing using PCA help the 
model? 
7.4. Return to the permeability problem outlined in Exercise 6.2. Train sev- 
eral nonlinear regression models and evaluate the resampling and test set 
performance. 
(a) Which nonlinear regression model gives the optimal resampling and test 
set performance? 
(b) Do any of the nonlinear models outperform the optimal linear model you 
previously developed in Exercise 6.2? If so, what might this tell you about 
the underlying relationship between the predictors and the response? 

7.5 Computing 171 
(c) Would you recommend any of the models you have developed to replace 
the permeability laboratory experiment? 
7.5. Exercise 6.3 describes data for a chemical manufacturing process. Use 
the same data imputation, data splitting, and pre-processing steps as before 
and train several nonlinear regression models. 
(a) Which nonlinear regression model gives the optimal resampling and test 
set performance? 
(b) Which predictors are most important in the optimal nonlinear regres- 
sion model? Do either the biological or process variables dominate the 
list? How do the top ten important predictors compare to the top ten 
predictors from the optimal linear model? 
(c) Explore the relationships between the top predictors and the response for 
the predictors that are unique to the optimal nonlinear regression model. 
Do these plots reveal intuition about the biological or process predictors 
and their relationship with yield? 

Eee wrts, -%&@ anit ge ~ 
vy sas Wah OA. eisGedy: Ga. Lae 
es »=—e@® 
i _ 7 
cael 
ne 

Chapter 8 
Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Tree-based models consist of one or more nested if-then statements for the 
predictors that partition the data. Within these partitions, a model is used 
to predict the outcome. For example, a very simple tree could be defined as 
if Predictor A >= 1.7 then 
| if Predictor B >= 202.1 then Outcome = 1.3 
| else Outcome = 5.6 
else Outcome = 2.5 
In this case, two-dimensional predictor space is cut into three regions, and, 
within each region, the outcome is predicted by a single number (either 1.3, 
2.5, or 5.6). Figure 8.1 presents these rules in the predictor space. 
In the terminology of tree models, there are two splits of the data into three 
terminal nodes or leaves of the tree. To obtain a prediction for a new sample, 
we would follow the if-then statements defined by the tree using values of 
that sample’s predictors until we come to'a terminal node. The model formula 
in the terminal node would then be used to generate the prediction. In the 
illustration above, the model is a simple numeric value. In other cases, the 
terminal node may be defined by a more complex function of the predictors. 
Trees for regression will be discussed in Sects. 8.1 and 8.2. 
Notice that the if-then statements generated by a tree define a unique 
route to one terminal node for any sample. A rule is a set of if-then condi- 
tions (possibly created by a tree) that have been collapsed into independent 
conditions. For the example above, there would be three rules: 
i om if Predictor A >= 1.7 and Predictor B >= 202.1 then Outcome 
if Predictor A >= 1.7 and Predictor B < 202.1 then Outcome 
if Predictor A < 1.7 then Outcome = 2.5 Dw 
Rules can be simplified or pruned in a way that samples are covered by 
multiple rules. This approach can have some advantages over simple tree- 
based models; rule-based models will be discussed in Sects. 8.3 and 8.7. 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 173 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_8, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

174 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
250 | ais 
200 re ie canescens 
faa) 
3 8 150 20 © 
oO ‘ 
100 5.6 
50 
aq 2 ae cil — T = al 
0.5 1.0 Wes 2.0 Pas 
Predictor A 
Fig. 8.1: An example of the predicted values within regions defined by a 
tree-based model 
Tree-based and rule-based models are popular modeling tools for a num- 
ber of reasons. First, they generate a set of conditions that are highly inter- 
pretable and are easy to implement. Because of the logic of their construction, 
they can effectively handle many types of predictors (sparse, skewed, contin- 
uous, categorical, etc.) without the need to pre-process them. In addition, 
these models do not require the user to specify the form of the predictors’ re- 
lationship to the response like, for example, a linear regression model requires. 
Furthermore, these models can effectively handle missing data and implicitly 
conduct feature selection, characteristics that are desirable for many real-life 
modeling problems. 
Models based on single trees or rules, however, do have particular weak- 
nesses. Two well-known weaknesses are (1) model instability (i.e., slight 
changes in the data can drastically change the structure of the tree or rules 
and, hence, the interpretation) and (2) less-than-optimal predictive perfor- 
mance. The latter is due to the fact that these models define rectangular 
regions that contain more homogeneous outcome values. If the relationship 
between predicters and the response cannot be adequately defined by rectan- 
gular subspaces of the predictors, then tree-based or rule-based models will 
have larger prediction error than other kinds of models. 

8.1 Basic Regression Trees 175 
To combat these problems, researchers developed ensemble methods that 
combine many trees (or rule-based models) into one model. Ensembles tend 
to have much better predictive performance than single trees (and this is 
generally true for rule-based models, too). Ensembles will be discussed in 
Sects. 8.4-8.7. 
8.1 Basic Regression Trees 
Basic regression trees partition the data into smaller groups that are more 
homogenous with respect to the response. To achieve outcome homogeneity, 
regression trees determine: 
e The predictor to split on and‘value of the split 
e The depth or complexity of the tree 
e The prediction equation in the terminal nodes 
In this section, we focus on techniques where the model in the terminal nodes 
are simple constants. 
There are many techniques for constructing regression trees. One of the 
oldest and most utilized is the classification and regression tree (CART) 
methodology of Breiman et al. (1984). For regression, the model begins with 
the entire data set, S, and searches every distinct value of every predictor 
to find the predictor and split value that partitions the data into two groups 
(S; and Sz) such that the overall sums of squares error are minimized: 
SSE = a (yi — Hi)? + Ss: (yi — Yo)”, (8.1) 
1E Sy 1€S2 
where 7; and jp are the averages of the training set outcomes within groups 
S, and So, respectively. Then within each of groups S$; and S»2, this method 
searches for the predictor and split value that best reduces SSE. Because of 
the recursive splitting nature of regression trees, this method is also known 
as recursive partitioning. 
Returning to the solubility data, Fig. 8.2 shows the SSF for the continuum 
of splits for the number of carbon atoms (on a transformed scale). Using the 
regression tree approach, the optimal split point for this variable is 3.78. The 
reduction in the SSF associated with this split is compared to the optimal 
values for all of the other predictors and the split corresponding to the abso- 
lute minimum error is used to form subsets $; and Sj. After considering all 
other variables, this variable was chosen to be the best (see Fig. 8.3). If the 
process were stopped at this point, all sample with values for this predictor 
less than 3.78 would be predicted to be —1.84 (the average of the solubility 
results for these samples) and samples above the splits all have a predicted 
value of —4.49: 

176 8 ‘Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
wl lS = 
1 2 3 4 5 6 
Number of Carbon Atoms (transformed) 
Fig. 8.2: Top: A scatter plot of the solubility values (y-axis) versus the number 
of carbon atoms (on a transformed scale). Bottom: The SSE profile across 
all possible splits for this predictor. The splits used here are the midpoints 
between two distinct data points 
if the number of carbon atoms >= 3.78 then Solubility = -4.49 
else Solubility =—1. 384 
In practice, the process then continues within sets S; and S»> until the number 
of samples in the splits falls below some threshold (such as 20 samples). This 
would conclude the tree growing step. Figure 8.4 shows the second set of splits 
for the example data. 
When the predictor is continuous, the process for finding the optimal split- 
point is straightforward since the data can be ordered in a natural way. Binary 
predictors are also easy to split, because there is only one possible split point. 
However, when a predictor has more than two categories, the process for 
finding the optimal split point can take a couple of justifiable paths. For a 
detailed discussion on this topic, see Sect. 14.1. 

8.1 Basic Regression Trees 
>=3.77682 < Be Tepe 
/ 
Node 2 (n = 317) Node 3 (n = 634) 
>= 3.77682 < 3.77682 
< 0.9777 S= eee >= 5.37282 
/ 
Node 3 (n = 74) Node 4 (n = 243) Node 6 (n = 104) eee ee eee a, 
-10- 177 
Node 7 (n = 530) 
Fig. 8.3: Top: The initial splits of the solubility data. Bottom: After the first 
split, the two groups are split further into four partitions 
Once the full tree has been grown, the tree may be very large and is likely to 
over-fit the training set. The tree is then pruned back to a potentially smaller 
depth. The processed used by Breiman et al. (1984) is cost-complexity tuning. 

178 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
The goal of this process is to find a “right-sized tree” that has the smallest 
error rate. To do this, we penalize the error rate using the size of the tree: 
SSE,, = SSE + cp x (# Terminal Nodes), 
where cp is called the complexity parameter. For a specific value of the 
complexity parameter, we find the smallest pruned tree that has the lowest 
penalized error rate. Breiman et al. (1984) show the theory and algorithms 
for finding the best tree for a particular value of c,. As with other regulariza- 
tion methods previously discussed, smaller penalties tend to produce more 
complex models, which, in this case, result in larger trees. Larger values of 
the complexity parameter may result in a tree with one split (i-e., a stump) 
or, perhaps, even a tree with no splits. The latter result would indicate that 
no predictor adequately explains enough of the variation in the outcome at 
the chosen value of the complexity parameter. 
To find the best pruned tree, we evaluate the data across a sequence of 
Cp values. This process generates one SSE for each chosen cp value. But 
we know that these S'SE values will vary if we select a different sample of 
observations. To understand variation in SSEs at each cp value, Breiman 
et al. (1984) suggest using a cross-validation approach similar to the method 
discussed in Chap. 4. They also propose using the one-standard-error rule on 
the optimization criteria for identifying the simplest tree: find the smallest 
tree that is within one standard error of the tree with smallest absolute error 
(see Sect. 4.6, page 74). Another approach selects the tree size associated with 
the numerically smallest error (Hastie et al. 2008). 
Using the one-standard-error rule, the regression tree built on the solubility 
data had 11 terminal nodes (c, = 0.01) and the cross-validation estimate of 
the RMSE was 1.05. Figure 8.4 shows the regression tree for the model. All 
of the splits retained in the model involve the continuous or count predictors 
and several paths through the tree use some of the same predictors more than 
once. 
On the surface, the tree in Fig. 8.4 appears to be fairly interpretable. For 
example, one could say that if a compound has a moderately large number 
of carbon atoms, has very lower surface area, and has a large number of 
non-hydrogen atoms, then it has the lowest solubility. However, there are 
many partitions in the data that overlap. For example, nodes 12 and 16 have 
roughly the same distribution of solubility values, although one of these paths 
has low surface area and another has high surface area. 
Alternatively, the model can be tuned by choosing the value of the com- 
plexity parameter associated with the smallest possible RMSE value. The 
cross-validation profile is shown in Fig. 8.5. In this case, the tuning process 
chose a larger tree with a c, value of 0.003 and 25 terminal nodes. The esti- 
mated RMSE from this model was 0.97. Although this model more accurately 
fits the data, it is much deeper than the tree shown in Fig. 8.4. Interpreting 
this model will be much more difficult. 

9) 
sjojd 
xoq 
oy} 
ur 
sofdures 
oy} 
Jo 
aseieAR 
ay} 
UO 
pase 
SI 
UOTyorperd 
[eUY 
oIL], 
‘sonTeA 
AyyIGnyos 
yos 
SurTurery oY} 
JO 
UOTNGI4STIp 
ey} 
MOYS 
Sopou 
[eUTUIIE} 
ay} 
UT 
szojd 
Log 
ay], 
“eyep 
AI]TIGnTOs 
oy} 
IOJ 
Japour 
FAWO 
[euy 
coy], 
:F'g 
“By fo} Ol- 
ol- 
ol- 
L o1- 
Ol- 
ol- 
ol- S- 
s- 
g- 
S- 
Se 
[oe 
2 
S- 
: 
S- S 
~ 
= 
=a 
eS = 
0) 
cy 
=| 
= 
sca] 
ge z 
——=] 
; 
+ 
> =a 
[0 
3 
fo 
ao 
0 
0 
0 
0 
es 
° t 
OL- 
>_ Pein 
Ol- 
¢- fo 
0 (Ze=u) 
SL 
@poN 
(19=U)Z1ePON 
(EF=U) 
LL 
ePON 
(pe=U)gepoN 
(6S) 
=U) 
Z aPON | ($8 
=u) 
1Z 
epoN 
(18 
=u) 
91 
epoN X 80S'%> 
809°2 
=< (98=u4)0Z 
@PON 
(LbZ 
=U) 
BL 
ESPON ie 
/ 
16z> 16%=< el8p> 
E18" 
=< 
1s9'8 
=< 
1598 
> 
L6L0=< 
261'0> Zz] 
{1 ] C 
816'0 
=< 
8L6'0 
> zeanyeoeyns 
Leanyeoeuns 
10}0e 
491|| 
ydoupAY fer] 
[o¥] ele’ 
> 
leg=< 
816'0 
=< LLL 
C= 
em 8.1 Basic Regression Trees 
(92 
= 
u) 
 apoN 
(8p 
=U) 
p 
epoN €08'¢> 
€08'¢ 
=< nee 8260 > zealyeoeyns 4 

180 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
! Sar he 
2.0 : 
18} 
= 
ae) 
S = 1.6 
7 no 
ie) 
2 1.4 
So) 
lu 
ep) 
Swalee jag 
1.0 
T sre T 
1042.5 102.0 104-1.5 101.0 100.5 
Complexity Parameter 
Fig. 8.5: Cross-validated RMSE profile for the regression tree 
This particular tree methodology can also handle missing data. When 
building the tree, missing data are ignored. For each split, a variety of alter- 
natives (called surrogate splits) are evaluated. A surrogate split is one whose 
results are similar to the original split actually used in the tree. If a surrogate 
split approximates the original split well, it can be used when the predictor 
data associated with the original split are not available. In practice, several 
surrogate splits may be saved for any particular split in the tree. 
Once the tree has been finalized, we begin to assess the relative importance 
of the predictors to the outcome. One way to compute an aggregate measure 
of importance is to keep track of the overall reduction in the optimization 
criteria for each predictor (Breiman et al. 1984). If SSE is the optimization 
criteria, then the reduction in the SSF for the training set is aggregated 
for each predictor. Intuitively, predictors that appear higher in the tree (i.e., 
earlier splits) or those that appear multiple times in the tree will be more 
important than predictors that occur lower in the tree or not at all. Figure 8.6 
shows the importance values for the 16 predictors in the more complex final 
solubility model. 
An advantage of tree-based models is that, when the tree is not large, the 
model is simple and interpretable. Also, this type of tree can be computed 
quickly (despite using multiple exhaustive searches). Tree models intrinsically 
conduct feature selection; if a predictor is never used in a split, the prediction 
equation is independent of these data. This advantage is weakened when there 
are highly correlated predictors. If two predictors are extremely correlated, 
the choice of which to use in a split is somewhat random. For example, the 
two surface area predictors have an extremely high correlation (0.96) and each 

8.1 Basic Regression Trees 181 
NumNonHBonds 
SurfaceArea2 
NumMultBonds 
NumCarbon 
‘ave, ————$—$————— 
NumNonHAtoms ———— 
NumBonds © 
FP116 e 
NumOxygen —__———e 
NumRotBonds +— © 
SurfaceAreat © 
NumHydrogen 
FPO8t _-— FP075 , 
RRO, 
HydrophilicFactor = 
T ~T 
0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 
Importance 
Fig. 8.6: Variable importance scores for the 16 predictors used in the regres- 
sion tree model for solubility 
is used in the tree shown in Fig. 8.4. It is possible that the small difference 
between these predictors is strongly driving the choice between the two, but 
it is more likely to be due to small, random differences in the variables. 
Because of this, more predictors may be selected than actually needed. In 
addition, the variable importance values are affected. If the solubility data 
only contained one of the surface area predictors, then this predictor would 
have likely been used twice in the tree, therefore inflating its importance 
value. Instead, including both surface area predictors in the data causes their 
importance to have only moderate values. 
While trees are highly interpretable and easy to compute, they do have 
some noteworthy disadvantages. First, single regression trees are more likely 
to have sub-optimal predictive performance compared to other modeling 
approaches. This is partly due to the simplicity of the model. By construction, 
tree models partition the data into rectangular regions of the predictor space. 
If the relationship between predictors and the outcome is not adequately 
described by these rectangles, then the predictive performance of a tree will 
not be optimal. Also, the number of possible predicted outcomes from a tree 
is finite and is determined by the number of terminal nodes. For the solubil- 
ity data, the optimal tree has 11 terminal nodes and consequently can only 
produce 11 possible predicted values. This limitation is unlikely to capture 
all of the nuances of the data. For example, in Fig.8.4, Node 21 corresponds 
to the highest solubility prediction. Note, however, that the training set data 

182 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
falling within this path of the tree vary across several log units of data. If new 
data points are consistent with the training data, many of the new samples 
falling along this path will not be predicted with a high degree of accuracy. 
The two regression tree models shown thus far have RMSE values that are 
appreciably larger than the RMSE produced by the simple linear regression 
model shown in Chap. 6. 
An additional disadvantage is that an individual tree tends to be unstable 
[see Breiman (1996b) and Hastie et al. (2008, Chap. 8)]. If the data are slightly 
altered, a completely different set of splits might be found (i.e., the model 
variance is high). While this is a disadvantage, ensemble methods (discussed 
later in this chapter) exploit this characteristic to create models that tend to 
have extremely good performance. 
Finally, these trees suffer from selection bias: predictors with a higher 
number of distinct values are favored over more granular predictors (Loh and 
Shih 1997; Carolin et al. 2007; Loh 2010). Loh and Shih (1997) remarked that 
“The danger occurs when a data set consists of a mix of informative and noise 
variables, and the noise variables have many more splits than the informative 
variables. Then there is a high probability that the noise variables will be chosen 
to split the top nodes of the tree. Pruning will produce either a tree with 
misleading structure or no tree at all.” 
Also, as the number of missing values increases, the selection of predictors 
becomes more biased (Carolin et al. 2007). 
It is worth noting that the variable importance scores for the solubility 
regression tree (Fig. 8.6) show that the model tends to rely more on contin- 
uous (i.e., less granular) predictors than the binary fingerprints. This could 
be due to the selection bias or the content of the variables. 
There are several unbiased regression tree techniques. For example, Loh 
(2002) proposed the generalized, unbiased, interaction detection and estima- 
tion (GUIDE) algorithm which solves the problem by decoupling the process 
of selecting the split variable and the split value. This algorithm ranks the 
predictors using statistical hypothesis testing and then finds the appropriate 
split value associated with the most important factor. 
Another approach is conditional inference trees of Hothorn et al. (2006). 
They describe a unified framework for unbiased tree-based models for regres- 
sion, classification, and other scenarios. In this model, statistical hypothesis 
tests are used to do an exhaustive search across the predictors and their pos- 
sible split points. For a candidate split, a statistical test is used to evaluate 
the difference between the means of the two groups created by the split and 
a p-value can be computed for the test. 
Utilizing the test statistic p-value has several advantages. First, predictors 
that are on disparate scales can be compared since the p-values are on the 
same scale. Se¢ond, multiple comparison corrections (Westfall and Young 
1993) can be applied to the raw p-values within a predictor to reduce the 
bias resulting from a large number of split candidates. These corrections 
attempt to reduce the number of false-positive test results that are incurred by 

8.1 Basic Regression Trees 183 
= | Set | oe 
iS 0.95 ~ 
o ne) 
a g 0.94 ls 
© 
oO 
Ww 
> a 0.93 lz 
0.75 0.80 0.85 0.90 0.95 1.00 
1 — P—Value Threshold 
Fig. 8.7: Cross-validated RMSE profile for the conditional inference regression 
trees 
conducting a large number of statistical hypothesis tests. Thus, predictors are 
increasingly penalized by multiple comparison procedures as the number of 
splits (and associated p-values) increases. For this reason, the bias is reduced 
for highly granular data. A threshold for statistical significance is used to 
determine whether additional splits should be created [Hothorn et al. (2006) 
use one minus the p-value]. 
By default, this algorithm does not use pruning; as the data sets are fur- 
ther split, the decrease in the number of samples reduces the power of the 
hypothesis tests. This results in higher p-values and a lower likelihood of 
a new split (and over-fitting). However, statistical hypothesis tests are not 
directly related to predictive performance, and, because of this, it is still ad- 
visable to choose the complexity of the tree on the basis of performance (via 
resampling or some other means). 
With a significance threshold of 0.05 (i.e., a 5% false-positive rate for 
statistical significance), a conditional inference tree for the solubility data 
had 32 terminal nodes. This tree is much larger than the basic regression 
tree shown in Fig.8.4. We also treated the significance threshold as a tuning 
parameter and evaluated 16 values between 0.75 and 0.99 (see Fig.8.7 for 
the cross-validation profile). The tree size associated with the smallest error 
had 36 terminal nodes (using a threshold of 0.853). Tuning the threshold 
improved the estimated RMSE to a value of 0.92 compared to an RMSE of 
0.94 associated with a significance threshold of 0.05. 

184 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
8.2 Regression Model Trees 
One limitation of simple regression trees is that each terminal node uses the 
average of the training set outcomes in that node for prediction. As a conse- 
quence, these models may not do a good job predicting samples whose true 
outcomes are extremely high or low. In Chap. 5, Fig. 5.1 showed an.example 
plot of the observed and predicted outcomes for a data set. In this figure, 
the model tends to underpredict samples in either of the extremes. The pre- 
dictions used in this figure were produced using a regression tree ensemble 
technique called random forests (described later in this chapter) which also 
uses the average of the training data in the terminal nodes and suffers from 
the same problem, although not as severe as with a single tree. 
One approach to dealing with this issue is to use a different estimator in 
the terminal nodes. Here we focus on the model tree approach described in 
Quinlan (1992) called M5, which is similar to regression trees except: 
e The splitting criterion is different. 
e The terminal nodes predict the outcome using a linear model (as opposed 
to the simple average). 
e When a sample is predicted, it is often a combination of the predictions 
from different models along the same path through the tree. 
The main implementation of this technique is a “rational reconstruction” of 
this model called M5, which is described by Wang and Witten (1997) and is 
included in the Weka software package. There are other approaches to trees 
with models in the leaves, such as Loh (2002) and Zeileis et al. (2008). 
Like simple regression trees, the initial split is found using an exhaustive 
search over the predictors and training set samples, but, unlike those models, 
the expected reduction in the node’s error rate is used. Let S denote the 
entire set of data and let S),...,Sp represent the P subsets of the data after 
splitting. The split criterion would be 
P 
reduction = SD(S) — S$ — x SD(S;), (8.2) 
= 1 
where SD is the standard deviation and n; is the number of samples in parti- 
tion 7. This metric determines if the total variation in the splits, weighted by 
sample size, is lower than in the presplit data. This scheme is similar to the 
methodology for classification trees discussed in Quinlan (1993b). The split 
that is associated with the largest reduction in error is chosen and a linear 
model is created within the partitions using the split variable in the model. 
For subsequent splitting iterations, this process is repeated: an initial split is 
determined and a linear model is created for the partition using the current 
split variable and all others that preceded it. The error associated with each 
linear model is used in place of SD(S) in Eq. 8.2 to determine the expected 

8.2 Regression Model Trees 185 
reduction in the error rate for the next split. The tree growing process contin- 
ues along the branches of the tree until there are no further improvements in 
the error rate or there are not enough samples to continue the process. Once 
the tree is fully grown, there is a linear model for every node in the tree. 
Figure 8.8 shows an example of a model tree with four splits and eight 
linear regression models. Model 5, for instance, would be created using all 
the predictors that were in splits 1-3 and with the training set data points 
satisfying conditions la, 2b, and 3b. 
Once the complete set of linear models have been created, each undergoes 
a simplification procedure to potentially drop some of the terms. For a given 
model, an adjusted error rate is computed. First, the absolute differences 
between the observed and predicted data are calculated then multiplied by a 
term that penalizes models with large numbers of parameters: 
f 
ie op = ; if 
a a lyi — 9 Adjusted Error Rate = . (8.3) 
where n* is the number of training set data points that were used to build the 
model and p is the number of parameters. Each model term is dropped and 
the adjusted error rate is computed. Terms are dropped from the model as 
long as the adjusted error rate decreases. In some cases, the linear model may 
be simplified to having only an intercept. This procedure is independently 
applied to each linear model. 
Model trees also incorporate a type of smoothing to decrease the potential 
for over-fitting. The technique is based on the “recursive shrinking” method- 
ology of Hastie and Pregibon (1990). When predicting, the new sample goes 
down the appropriate path of the tree, and moving from the bottom up, the 
linear models along that path are combined. Using Fig.8.8 as a reference, 
suppose a new sample goes down the path associated with Model 5. The tree 
generates a prediction for this sample using Model 5 as well as the linear 
model in the parent node (Model 3 in this case). These two predictions are 
combined using 
: Re’ Yk) HCV) 
“ore iigpy 4 C 
where 4.) is the prediction from the child node (Model 5), m4) is the number 
of training set data points in the child node, y,) is the prediction from the 
parent node, and cis a constant with a default value of 15. Once this combined 
prediction is calculated, it is similarly combined with the next model along 
the tree (Model 1) and so on. For our example, the new sample falling under 
conditions la, 2b, and 3b would use a combination of three linear models. 
Note that the smoothing equation is a relatively simple linear combination 
of models. 
This type of smoothing can have a significant positive effect on the model 
tree when the linear models across nodes are very different. There are several 
possible reasons that the linear models may produce very different predic- 

186 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Condition la Condition 1b 
Condition 2a Condition 2b 
Condition 4a Condition 46 
Condition 3a Condition 3b 
Fig. 8.8: An example of a regression model tree 
tions. Firstly, the number of training set samples that are available in a node 
will decrease as new splits are added. This can lead to nodes which model 
very different regions of the training set and, thus, produce very different 
linear models. This is especially true for small training sets. Secondly, the 
linear models derived by the splitting process may suffer from significant 
collinearity. Suppose two predictors in the training set have an extremely 
high correlation with one another. In this case, the algorithm may choose 
between the two predictors randomly. If both predictors are eventually used 
in splits and become candidates for the linear models, there would be two 
terms in the linear model for effectively one piece of information. As discussed 
in previous chapters, this can lead to substantial instability in the model co- 
efficients. Smoothing using several models can help reduce the impact of any 
unstable linear models. 
Once the tree is fully grown, it is pruned back by finding inadequate sub- 
trees and removing them. Starting at the terminal nodes, the adjusted error 
rate with and without the sub-tree is computed. If the sub-tree does not 
decrease the adjusted error rate, it is pruned from the model. This process is 
continued until no more sub-trees can be removed. 
Model trees were built on the solubility data under the conditions of with 
and without pruning and with and without smoothing. Figure 8.9 shows a 
plot of the cross-validation profiles for these data. The unpruned tree has 
159 paths through the tree, which may over-fit the training data. When the 

8.2 Regression Model Trees 187 
Smoothed 
Yes o No x 
1 ai | 
0.90 L 
je 
2 
© 0.85 
os) 
= 
d ip) 
o © 0.80 L 
Lu ap) 
= ae 
0.75 x iz 
eee wees; 
T T 
Yes No 
Pruned 
Fig. 8.9: Cross-validated RMSE profiles for the model tree 
tree is not pruned, model smoothing significantly improves the error rate. 
For these data, the effect of pruning on the model was also substantial: the 
number of paths through the tree dropped from 159 to 18. For the pruned 
trees, smoothing produced a slight gain in performance, and, as a result, the 
optimal model used pruning and smoothing. 
The resulting model tree (Fig. 8.10) shows that many of the splits involve 
the same predictors, such as the number of carbons. Also, for these data, 
the splits tend to favor the continuous predictors instead of the fingerprints. ! 
For these data, splits based on the S'SF and the error rate reduction produce 
almost identical results. The details of the linear models are shown in Fig. 8.11 
(the model coefficients have been normalized to be on the same scale). We 
can see from this figure that the majority of models use many predictors, 
including a large number of the fingerprints. However, the coefficients of the 
fingerprints are small relative to the continuous predictors. 
Additionally, this model can be used to demonstrate issues with collinear- 
ity. In the figure, linear model 5 (in the lower left of the tree) is associated 
with the following conditions: 
NumCarbon <= 3.777 & 
MolWeight <= 4.83 & 
SurfaceAreal > 0.978 & 
NumCarbon <= 2.508 & 
! Also, note that the first three splits here involve the same predictors as the regression 
tree shown in Fig. 8.4 (and two of the three split values are identical). 

8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 188 
Jaquunu 
sy 
yuosoided 
9pou 
[eUTULI4 
YIRo 
Jo 
m10}}0q 
otf} 
1e 
SIOQUINU 
If, 
“eyep 
Ayyiqnyos 
9} 
1Of 
9d1} 
[OpPOUl 
Teuy 
ALL, 
-OL’ (%296'2e/ve) 
at 
(%9v8 
cz/e2) ZL 
(e267 
8e/11) 
| (868"81/1 
1) HOLL < OLS (%828£/9r) 917 
spuogioywinny 
9pouU 
oY} 
JO 
adeVIOAOD 
JUad.I0d 
pue 
sofdures 
Jo ‘Sly (%80e'9z/re) 
(oL@L-OL/@L) 
| (orge'al/ee) 
| (6920'8e/6) 
| (%6g0'zz/6z) eb 
Wi 
21 
OWT 
SW 
PWT 861 
< 
86r 
15 
l2ee< 
ee7s 
S900 
< 
O0LS <= 
(e6208'1 
1/r2) 
| (6909"r 
1/69) 
Coaroum) 
= 
Pecan 
(wos 
ee) sos 
LvE0 
« 
Lve0os > 
(98 
ar) B0S'c< 
sos'éS pore 
> 
8l60< 
84605 a 
> 846:0< 
82605 
£8'r 
< 
€8'b 
> LiL 
LL4L°E5 

8.2 Regression Model Trees 
El 
FP003 
FP004 
FPO06 
FP007 
FP008 ied 
FPOO9 
FP010 
FPO11 
FP012 
FP013 
FP017 
FP028 4 
FP029 + 
FP030 + 
FP031 4 
FP049 4 
EROS3i-} 
RPOS7.— 
FP061 4 ’ 
FPO63 — ean FPO69 4 
FP070 4 
FPO71 
FP073 | 
FP074 
FPOZ5!— 
EPROM 
FP078 4 
FP082 4 
FP085 4 
FP088 4 
FPO90 
FP094 | 
FP095 
FP103 4 
FP106 + 
FP107 + 
FP108 4 
FP115 4 
FP116 4 
FP117 i 
FP124 
FP125 + 
FP134 4 
IF kee =) 
FP138 
FP140 
FP142 
FP145 
FP148 
FP150 
FP168 
FP169 
FP178 
HydrophilicFactor 
MolWeight 
NumAtoms 
NumBonds 
NumCarbon 
NumDb!IBonds 
NumHalogen 
NumHydrogen 
NumMultBonds 
NumNonHAtoms 
NumNonHBonds 
NumOxygen 
NumRotBonds 
SurfaceAreat 
SurfaceArea2 
T T T T ial! T T T 
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 O09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 
Model # 189 
Fig. 8.11: Linear model coefficients for the model tree seen in Fig. 8.10. The 
coefhicients have been normalized to be on the same scale. White blocks indi- 
cate that the predictor was not involved in the linear model 

190 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
NumRotBonds <= 0.347 & 
SurfaceArea2 > 10.065 
After model reduction and smoothing, there were 57 coefficients in the corre- 
sponding linear model, including both surface area predictors. In the training 
set, these two predictors are highly correlated (0.96). We would expect severe 
collinearity as a result. The two scaled coefficients for these predictors are al- 
most complete opposites: 0.9 for SurfaceAreal and —0.8 for SurfaceAreaz2. 
Since the two predictors are almost identical, there is a contradiction: in- 
creasing the surface area equally increases and decreases the solubility. Many 
of the models that are shown in Fig.8.11 have opposite signs for these two 
variables. Despite this, the performance for this model is fairly competitive; 
smoothing the models has the effect of minimizing the collinearity issues. 
Removing the correlated predictors would produce a model that has less in- 
consistencies and is more interpretable. However, there is a measurable drop 
in performance by using the strategy. 
8.3 Rule-Based Models 
A rule is defined as a distinct path through a tree. Consider the model tree 
shown in the last section and the path to get to linear model 15 in the lower 
right of Fig. 8.10: 
NumCarbon > 3.777 & 
SurfaceArea2 > 0.978 & 
SurfaceAreal > 8.404 & 
FPOO9 <= 0.5 & 
FPO7S <= 0.5 & 
NumRotBonds > 1.498 & 
NumRotBonds > 1.701 
For the model tree shown in Fig.8.10, there are a total of 18 rules. For the 
tree, a new sample can only travel down a single path through the tree defined 
by these rules. The number of samples affected by a rule is called its coverage. 
In addition to the pruning algorithms described in the last section, the 
complexity of the model tree can be further reduced by either removing entire 
rules or removing some of the conditions that define the rule. In the previous 
rule, note that the number of rotatable bonds is used twice. This occurred 
because another path through the tree determined that modeling the data 
subset where the number of rotatable bonds is. between 1.498 and 1.701 was 
important. However, when viewed in isolation, the rule above is unnecessarily 
complex because of this redundancy. Also, it may be advantageous to remove 
other conditions in the rule because they do not contribute much to the 
model. 

8.3 Rule-Based Models 191 
Quinlan (1993b) describes methodologies for simplifying the rules gener- 
ated from classification trees. Similar techniques can be applied to model 
trees to create a more simplistic set of rules from an initial model tree. This 
specific approach is described later in this chapter in the context of Cubist 
models (Sect. 8.7). 
Another approach to creating rules from model trees is outlined in Holmes 
et al. (1993) that uses the “separate and conquer” strategy. This procedure 
derives rules from many different model trees instead of from a single tree. 
First, an initial model tree is created (they recommend using unsmoothed 
model trees). However, only the rule with the largest coverage is saved from 
this model. The samples covered by the rule are removed from the training 
set and another model tree is created with the remaining data. Again, only 
the rule with the maximum coverage is retained. This process repeats until 
all the training set data have been covered by at least one rule. A new sample 
is predicted by determining which rule(s) it falls under then applies the linear 
model associated with the largest coverage. 
For the solubility data, a rule-based model was evaluated. Similar to the 
model tree tuning process, four models were fit using all combinations for 
pruning and smoothing. The same resampling data sets were used in the 
model tree analysis, so direct comparisons can be made. Figure 8.12 shows 
the results of this process. The right panel is the same as Fig. 8.9 while the 
left panel shows the results when the model trees are converted to rules. For 
these data, when smoothing and pruning are used, the model tree and rule- 
based version had equivalent error rates. As with the model trees, pruning 
had a large effect on the model and smoothing had a larger impact on the 
unpruned models. 
The best fitting model tree was associated with a cross-validated RMSE 
of 0.737. The best rule-based model resulted in an RMSE value of 0.741. 
Based on this alone, the model tree would be used for prediction. However, 
for illustration, the rule-based model will be examined in more detail. 
In all, nine rules were used to model these data, although the final rule 
has no associated conditions. The conditions for the rules are 
Rule 1: NumCarbon <= 3.777 & MolWeight > 4.83 
Rule 2: NumCarbon > 2.999 
Rule 3: SurfaceAreai > 0.978 & NumCarbon > 2.508 & NumRotBonds > 0.896 
Rule 4: SurfaceAreai > 0.978 & MolWeight <= 4.612 & FP063 <= 0.5 
Rule 5: SurfaceAreai > 0.978 & MolWeight <= 4.612 
Rule 6: SurfaceAreal <= 4.159 & NumHydrogen <= 3.414 
Rule 7: SurfaceAreal > 2.241 & FPO46 <= 0.5 & NumBonds > 2.74 
Rule 8: NumHydrogen <= 3.414 
Looking back at the full model tree in Fig.8.10, the rule corresponding to 
Model 10 has the largest coverage using the conditions NumCarbon > 3.77 
and MolWeight > 4.83. This rule was preserved as the first rule in the new 
model. The next model tree was created using the remaining samples. Here, 
the rule with the largest coverage has a condition similar to the previous rule: 
NumCarbon > 2.99. In this case, a sample with NumCarbon > 2.99 would be 

192 8 ‘Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Smoothed 
No x —— 
RMSE (Cross—Validation) 
Pruned 
Fig. 8.12: Cross-validated RMSE profiles for the model trees before and after 
the conversion to rules 
covered by at least two rules. The other rules used many of the same pre- 
dictors: SurfaceAreatl (five times), MolWeight (three times), and NumCarbon 
(also three times). Figure 8.13 shows the coefficients of the linear models for 
each rule (similar to Fig. 8.11 for the full model tree). Here, the linear models 
are more sparse; the number of terms in the linear models decreases as more 
rules are created. This makes sense because there are fewer data points to 
construct deep trees. 
8.4 Bagged Trees 
In the 1990s, ensemble techniques (methods that combine many models’ pre- 
dictions) began to appear. Bagging, short for bootstrap aggregation, was orig- 
inally proposed by Leo Breiman and was one of the earliest developed en- 
semble techniques (Breiman 1996a). Bagging is a general approach that uses 
bootstrapping (Sect. 4.4) in conjunction with any regression (or classification; 
see Sect. 14.3) model to construct an ensemble. The method is fairly simple 
in structure and consists of the steps in Algorithm 8.1. Each model in the 
ensemble is then used to generate a prediction for a new sample and these m 
predictions are averaged to give the bagged model’s prediction. 
Bagging models provide several advantages over models that are not 
bagged. First, bagging effectively reduces the variance of a prediction through 
its aggregation process (see Sect.5.2 for a discussion of the bias-variance 
trade-off). For models that produce an unstable prediction, like regression 
trees, aggregating over many versions of the training data actually reduces 

8.4 Bagged Trees 193 
FPO04 
FPOO5 
FPOO6 
FPO07 
FP008 
FP010 
FPO11 
FP012 
FP013 
FP019 
FP023 
FP026 
FP027 
FP028 
FP029 
FP031 
FP037 
FP040 
FPO46 
FP048 
FP049 
FP053 
FP054 
FP057 
FPO60 
FP061 
FP063 
FPO69 
FP070 
FPO71 
FP073 
FP074 
FPO75 
FPO77 
FP078 
FPO79 
FP080 
FP082 
FP084 
FP085 
FP088 
FPO90 
FP094 
FPO099 
FP103 
FP105 
FP106 
FP107 
FP108 
FPS 
FP116 
FP117 
EPI123 
FP124 
FP125 
FP137 
FP138 
FP140 
FP142 
FP145 
FP148 
FP150 
FP158 
FP162 
FP168 
FP169 
BP 
FP178 
FP198 
FP202 
FP205 
HydrophilicFactor 
MolWeight 
NumAtoms 
NumBonds 
NumCarbon 
NumDbIBonds 
NumHalogen 
NumHydrogen 
NumMultBonds 
NumNonHAtoms 
NumNonHBonds 
NumOxygen 
NumRotBonds 
SurfaceAreat 
SurfaceArea2 PETE PPP Pee ee Pe ee CE Oe oe dom Vet Weak hh We de MWe We Wm hectare aicqlrat olccw Wet Weesleiacle alent ali alanialppaltuatined ranlcatr alicattiestunllies teal em (om luealina | alia cant ata LE ET aE Ye PE a a | eye ae elm eeaY  Pf e y 
“| | 
Rule # 
Fig. 8.13: Linear model coefficients for the rule-based version of M5. The co- 
efficients have been normalized to be on the same scale as Fig. 8.11. White 
blocks indicate that the predictor was not involved in linear regression equa- 
tion for that rule 

194 8 ‘Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
1 for 1 = 1 tom do 
2 Generate a bootstrap sample of the original data 
3 Train an unpruned tree model on this sample 
4 end 
Algorithm 8.1: Bagging 
the variance in the prediction and, hence, makes the prediction more stable. 
Consider the illustration of trees in Fig.8.14. In this example, six bootstrap 
samples of the solubility data were generated and a tree of maximum depth 
was built for each sample. These trees vary in structure (compare Fig. 8.14b, 
d, which have different structures on the right- and left-hand sides of each 
tree), and hence the prediction for samples will vary from tree to tree. When 
the predictions for a sample are averaged across all of the single trees, the 
average prediction has lower variance than the variance across the individual 
predictions. This means that if we were to generate a different sequence of 
bootstrap samples, build a model on each of the bootstrap samples, and aver- 
age the predictions across models, then we would likely get a very similar pre- 
dicted value for the selected sample as with the previous bagging model. This 
characteristic also improves the predictive performance of a bagged model 
over a model that is not bagged. If the goal of the modeling effort is to find 
the best prediction, then bagging has a distinct advantage. 
Bagging stable, lower variance models like linear regression and MARS, 
on the other hand, offers less improvement in predictive performance. Con- 
sider Fig. 8.15, in which bagging has been applied to trees, linear models, and 
MARS for the solubility data and also for data from a study of concrete mix- 
tures (see Chap. 10). For each set of data, the test set performance based on 
RMSE is plotted by number of bagging iterations. For the solubility data, 
the decrease in RMSE across iterations is similar for trees, linear regression, 
and MARS, which is not a typical result. This suggests that either the model 
predictions from linear regression and MARS have some inherent instabil- 
ity for these data which can be improved using a bagged ensemble or that 
trees are less effective at modeling the data. Bagging results for the concrete 
data are more typical, in which linear regression and MARS are least im- 
proved through the ensemble, while the predictions for regression trees are 
dramatically improved. 
As a further demonstration of bagging’s ability to reduce the variance of 
a model's prediction, consider the simulated sin wave in Fig.5.2. For this 
illustration, 20 sin waves were simulated, and, for each data set, regression 
trees and MARS models were computed. The red lines in the panels show the 
true trend while the multiple black lines show the predictions for each model. 
Note that the CART panel has more noise around the true sin curve than 
the MARS model, which only shows variation at the change points of the 
pattern. This illustrates the high variance in the regression tree due to model 

8.4 Bagged Trees 195 
a b 
NumCarbon>=3:41 j NumCarbon>=3.78 
SurfaceArea2< 0.978 SurfaceArea2< 5.61 MolWeight>=4. SurfaceAreat< 0.978 ON Cine as 
c d 
NumCarbon>=3.41 NumCarbon>=3.78 
SurfaceArea2< 0.978 Se age e era a iarre MolWeight>=5.39 
NumCarbon>=3.78 NumCarbon>=3.78 
SurfaceArea2< 0.978 ’ SurfaceAreat< 0.978 ! 
MolWeight>=4.83 MolWeight>=5.22 
Fig. 8.14: Example of trees of maximum depth from bagging for the solubility 
data. Notice that the trees vary in structure, and hence the predictions will 
vary from tree to tree. The prediction variance for the ensemble of trees will 
be less than the variance of predictions from individual trees. (a) Sample 1. 
(b) Sample 2. (c) Sample 3. (d) Sample 4. (e) Sample 5. (f) Sample 6 
instability. The bottom panels of the figure show the results for 20 bagged 
regression trees and MARS models (each with 50 model iterations). The 
variation around the true curve is greatly reduced for regression trees, and, 
for MARS, the variation is only reduced around the curvilinear portions on 
the pattern. Using a simulated test set for each model, the average reduction 
in RMSE by bagging the tree was 8.6% while the more stable MARS model 
had a corresponding reduction of 2% (Fig. 8.16). 

196 8 ‘Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Tree o Linear Regression MARS v 
0.70 0.75 0.80 0.85 0.90 
RMSE Concrete 
8.0 
Teo 
ee o 7 | pee err: 
T T T i leon lis 
0 10 20 30 40 50 
Number of Bagging Iterations 
Fig. 8.15: Test set RMSE performance profiles for bagging trees, linear mod- 
els, and MARS for the solubility data (top plot) and concrete data (bottom 
plot; see Chap. 10 for data details) by number of bootstrap samples. Bagging 
provides approximately the same magnitude of improvement in RMSE for 
all three methods for the solubility data, which is atypical. A more typical 
pattern of improvement from bagging is shown for the concrete data. In this 
case, trees benefit the most 
Ser = oe Oo So 
Le o oa 
Bagged MARS 
Outcome 
2 4 6 8 10 
Predictor 
Fig. 8.16: The effect of bagging regression trees and MARS models 

8.4 Bagged ‘Trees 197 
Another advantage of bagging models is that they can provide their own 
internal estimate of predictive performance that correlates well with either 
cross-validation estimates or test set estimates. Here’s why: when construct- 
ing a bootstrap sample for each model in the ensemble, certain samples are 
left out. These samples are called out-of-bag, and they can be used to assess 
the predictive performance of that specific model since they were not used 
to build the model. Hence, every model in the ensemble generates a measure 
of predictive performance courtesy of the out-of-bag samples. The average 
of the out-of-bag performance metrics can then be used to gauge the pre- 
dictive performance of the entire ensemble, and this value usually correlates 
well with the assessment of predictive performance we can get with either 
cross-validation or from a test set. This error estimate is usually referred to 
as the out-of-bag estimate. 
In its basic form, the user has one choice to make for bagging: the number 
of bootstrap samples to aggregate, m. Often we see an exponential decrease 
in predictive improvement as the number of iterations increases; the most 
improvement in prediction performance is obtained with a small number of 
trees (m < 10). To illustrate this point, consider Fig. 8.17 which displays pre- 
dictive performance (RMSE) for varying numbers of bootstrapped samples 
for CART trees. Notice predictive performance improves through ten trees 
and then tails off with very limited improvement beyond that point. In our 
experience, small improvements can still be made using bagging ensembles 
up to size 50. If performance is not at an acceptable level after 50 bagging 
iterations, then we suggest trying other more powerfully predictive ensemble 
methods such as random forests and boosting which will be described the 
following sections. 
For the solubility data, CART trees without bagging produce an optimal 
cross-validated RMSE of 0.97 with a standard error of 0.021. Upon bag- 
ging, the performance improves and bottoms at an RMSE of 0.9, with a 
standard error of 0.019. Conditional inference trees, like CART trees, can 
also be bagged. As a comparison, conditional inference trees without bagging 
have an optimal RMSE and standard error of 0.93 and 0.034, respectively. 
Bagged conditional inference trees reduce the optimal RMSE to 0.8 with a 
standard error of 0.018. For both types of models, bagging improves perfor- 
mance and reduces variance of the estimate. In this specific example, bagging 
conditional inference trees appears to have a slight edge over CART trees in 
predictive performance as measured by RMSE. The test set R? values parallel 
the cross-validated RMSE performance with conditional inference trees doing 
slightly better (0.87) than CART trees (0.85). 
Although bagging usually improves predictive performance for unstable 
models, there are a few caveats. First, computational costs and memory 
requirements increase as the number of bootstrap samples increases. This 
disadvantage can be mostly mitigated if the modeler has access to parallel 
computing because the bagging process can be easily parallelized. Recall that 
each bootstrap sample and corresponding model is independent of any other 

198 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
i = i: =} 
= 1.05 
S 1.00 
0.95 
0.90 a ' 
— 0 60 80 100 0 20 4 
Number of Bagging Iterations RMSE (Cross—Validated 
Fig. 8.17: Cross-validated performance profile for bagging CART trees for 
the solubility data by number of bootstrap samples. Vertical lines indicate + 
one-standard error of RMSE. Most improvement in predictive performance 
is obtained aggregating across ten bootstrap replications 
sample and model. This means that each model can be built separately and 
all models can be brought together in the end to generate the prediction. 
Another disadvantage to this approach is that a bagged model is much 
less interpretable than a model that is not bagged. Convenient rules that we 
can get from a single regression tree like those displayed in Fig. 8.4 cannot be 
attained. However, measures of variable importance can be constructed by 
combining measures of importance from the individual models across the en- 
semble. More about variable importance will be discussed in the next section 
when we examine random forests. 
8.5 Random Forests 
As illustrated with the solubility data, bagging trees (or any high variance, 
low bias technique) improves predictive performance over a single tree by re- 
ducing variance of the prediction. Generating bootstrap samples introduces 
a random component into the tree building process, which induces a distri- 
bution of trees, and therefore also a distribution of predicted values for each 
sample. The trees in bagging, however, are not completely independent. of 
each other since all of the original predictors are considered at every split of 
every tree. One can imagine that if we start with a sufficiently large number 
of original samples and a relationship between predictors and response that 

8.5 Random Forests 199 
can be adequately modeled by a tree, then trees from different bootstrap 
samples may have similar structures to each other (especially at the top of 
the trees) due to the underlying relationship. This characteristic is known 
as tree correlation and prevents bagging from optimally reducing variance of 
the predicted values. Figure 8.14 provides a direct illustration of this phe- 
nomenon. Despite taking bootstrap samples, each tree starts splitting on the 
number of carbon atoms at a scaled value of approximately 3.5. The second- 
level splits vary a bit more but are restricted to both of the surface area 
predictors and molecular weight. While each tree is ultimately unique—no 
two trees are exactly the same—they all begin with a similar structure and 
are consequently related to each other. Therefore, the variance reduction pro- 
vided by bagging could be improved. For a mathematical explanation of the 
tree correlation phenomenon, see Hastie et al. (2008). Reducing correlation 
among trees, known as de-correlating trees, is then the next logical step to 
improving the performance of bagging. 
From a statistical perspective, reducing correlation among predictors can 
be done by adding randomness to the tree construction process. After 
Breiman unveiled bagging, several authors tweaked the algorithm by adding 
randomness into the learning process. Because trees were a popular learner 
for bagging, Dietterich (2000) developed the idea of random split selection, 
where trees are built using a random subset of the top / predictors at each 
split in the tree. Another approach was to build entire trees based on random 
subsets of descriptors (Ho 1998; Amit and Geman 1997). Breiman (2000) also 
tried adding noise to the response in order to perturb tree structure. After 
carefully evaluating these generalizations to the original bagging algorithm, 
Breiman (2001) constructed a unified algorithm called random forests. A gen- 
eral random forests algorithm for a tree-based model can be implemented as 
shown in Algorithm 8.2. 
Each model in the ensemble is then used to generate a prediction for a new 
sample and these m predictions are averaged to give the forest’s prediction. 
Since the algorithm randomly selects predictors at each split, tree correlation 
will necessarily be lessened. As an example, the first splits for the first six trees 
in the random forest for the solubility data are NumNonHBonds, NumCarbon, 
NumNonHAtoms, NumCarbon, NumCarbon, and NumCarbon, which are different 
from the trees illustrated in Fig. 8.14. 
Random forests’ tuning parameter is the number of randomly selected 
predictors, k, to choose from at each split, and is commonly referred to as 
Miry- In the regression context, Breiman (2001) recommends setting Mppy 
to be one-third of the number of predictors. For the purpose of tuning the 
Mtry parameter, since random forests is computationally intensive, we suggest 
starting with five values of k that are somewhat evenly spaced across the range 
from 2 to P. The practitioner must also specify the number of trees for the 
forest. Breiman (2001) proved that random forests is protected from over- 
fitting; therefore, the model will not be adversely affected if a large number 
of trees are built for the forest. Practically speaking, the larger the forest, the 

200 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
1 Select the number of models to build, m 
2 10%) = 1 tom do 
Generate a bootstrap sample of the original data 
Train a tree model on this sample 
for each split do 
Randomly select k (< P) of the original predictors 
NO ak W Select the best predictor among the k& predictors and 
partition the data 
end 
Use typical tree model stopping criteria to determine when a 
tree is complete (but do not prune) 
10 end 
Algorithm 8.2: Basic Random Forests 
more computational burden we will incur to train and build the model. As 
a starting point, we suggest using at least 1,000 trees. If the cross-validation 
performance profiles are still improving at 1,000 trees, then incorporate more 
trees until performance levels off. 
Breiman showed that the linear combination of many independent learners 
reduces the variance of the overall ensemble relative to any individual learner 
in the ensemble. A random forest model achieves this variance reduction 
by selecting strong, complex learners that exhibit low bias. This ensemble 
of many independent, strong learners yields an improvement in error rates. 
Because each learner is selected independently of all previous learners, ran- 
dom forests is robust to a noisy response. We elaborate more on this point in 
Sect. 20.2 and provide an illustration of the effect of noise on random forests 
as well as many other models. At the same time, the independence of learners 
can underfit data when the response is not noisy (Fig. 5.1). 
Compared to bagging, random forests is more computationally efficient 
on a tree-by-tree basis since the tree building process only needs to evaluate 
a fraction of the original predictors at each split, although more trees are 
usually required by random forests. Combining this attribute with the ability 
to parallel process tree building makes random forests more computationally 
efficient than boosting (Sect. 8.6). 
Like bagging, CART or conditional inference trees can be used as the base 
learner in random forests. Both of these base learners were used, as well 
as 10-fold cross-validation and out-of-bag validation, to train models on the 
solubility data. The m;,, parameter was evaluated at ten values from 10 to 
228. The RMSE profiles for these combinations are presented in Fig. 8.18. 
Contrary to bagging, CART trees have better performance than conditional 
inference trees at all values of the tuning parameter. Each of the profiles 

8.5 Random Forests 201 
CART (CV) @ Conditional Inference (CV) 4 
CART (OOB) © Conditional Inference (OOB) A 
° 
0.9 j 
WwW 
2 = 0.8- 
0.7 a. 
ore So = ie Ts 
0 50 100 150 200 
#Randomly Selected Predictors 
Fig. 8.18: Cross-validated RMSE profile for the CART and conditional infer- 
ence approaches to random forests 
shows a flat plateau between m:,y = 58 and mipy = 155. The CART-based 
random forest model was numerically optimal at m+;, = 131 regardless of the 
method of estimating the RMSE. Our experience is that the random forest 
tuning parameter does not have a drastic effect on performance. In these 
data, the only real difference in the RMSE comes when the smallest value 
is used (10 in this case). It is often the case that such a small value is not 
associated with optimal performance. However, we have seen rare examples 
where small tuning parameter values generate the best results. To get a quick 
assessment of how well the random forest model performs, the default tuning 
parameter value for regression (m;y = P/3) tends to work well. If there is 
a desire to maximize performance, tuning this value may result in a slight 
improvement. 
In Fig. 8.18, also notice that random forest models built with CART trees 
had extremely similar RMSE results with the out-of-bag error estimate and 
cross-validation (when compared across tuning parameters). It is unclear 
whether the pattern seen in these data generalizes, especially under differ- 
ent circumstances such as small sample sizes. Using the out-of-bag error rate 
would drastically decrease the computational time to tune random forest 
models. For forests created using conditional inference trees, the out-of-bag 
error was much more optimistic than the cross-validated RMSE. Again, the 
reasoning behind this pattern is unclear. 

202 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
The ensemble nature of random forests makes it impossible to gain an 
understanding of the relationship between the predictors and the response. 
However, because trees are the typical base learner for this method, it is 
possible to quantify the impact of predictors in the ensemble. Breiman (2000) 
originally proposed randomly permuting the values of each predictor for the 
out-of-bag sample of one predictor at a time for each tree. The difference in 
predictive performance between the non-permuted sample and the permuted 
sample for each predictor is recorded and aggregated across the entire forest. 
Another approach is to measure the improvement in node purity based on the 
performance metric for each predictor at each occurrence of that predictor 
across the forest. These individual improvement values for each predictor are 
then aggregated across the forest to determine the overall importance for the 
predictor. 
Although this strategy to determine the relative influence of a predictor 
is very different from the approach described in Sect. 8 for single regression 
trees, it suffers from the same limitations related to bias. Also, Strobl et al. 
(2007) showed that the correlations between predictors can have a significant 
impact on the importance values. For example, uninformative predictors with 
high correlations to informative predictors had abnormally large importance 
values. In some cases, their importance was greater than or equal to weakly 
important variables. They also demonstrated that the m;,,, tuning parameter 
has a serious effect on the importance values. 
Another impact of between-predictor correlations is to dilute the impor- 
tances of key predictors. For example, suppose a critical predictor had an 
importance of X. If another predictor is just as critical but is almost per- 
fectly correlated as the first, the importance of these two predictors will be 
roughly X/2. If three such predictors were in the model, the values would 
further decrease to X/3 and so on. This can have profound implications for 
some problems. For example, RNA expression profiling data tend to measure 
the same gene at many locations, and, as a result, the within-gene variables 
tend to have very high correlations. If this gene were important for predicting 
some outcome, adding all the variables to a random forest model would make 
the gene appear to be less important than it actually is. 
Strobl et al. (2007) developed an alternative approach for calculating im- 
portance in random forest models that takes between-predictor correlations 
into account. Their methodology reduces the effect of between-predictor 
redundancy. It does not adjust for the aforementioned dilution effect. 
Random forest variable importance values for the top 25 predictors of 
the solubility data are presented in Fig.8.19. For this model, MolWeight, 
NumCarbon, SurfaceArea2, and SurfaceAreai percolate to the top of the 
importance metric, and importance values begin to taper with fingerprints. 
Importance values for fingerprints 116 and 75 are top fingerprint performers 
for importance, which may indicate that the structures represented by these 
fingerprints have an impact on a compound’s solubility. 

8.6 Boosting 9203 
MolWeight 
NumCarbon 
SurfaceArea2 
SurfaceArea1 
HydrophilicFactor 
NumHydrogen 
NumRotBonds | 
; @ 
NumAtoms | e 
NumMultBonds 
ee 
NumNonHAtoms 
NumBonds 
NumNonHBonds 
NumHalogen 
FPO75 
NumOxygen , 
NumNitrogen 
FPO92 
FPO65 
FPOO9 
FP148 
FeO 
NumChlorine 
FP040 
FPO11 
T T T 
10 20 30 40 
Importance —~—* 
—~@ 
Fig. 8.19: Variable importance scores for the top 25 predictors used in the 
random forest CART tree model for solubility 
Contrasting random forest importance results to a single CART tree 
(Fig. 8.6) we see that 2 of the top 4 predictors are the same (SurfaceArea2 
and NumCarbon) and 14 of the top 16 are the same. However, the importance 
orderings are much different. For example NumNonHBonds is the top predictor 
for a CART tree but ends up ranked 14th for random forests; random forests 
identify MolWeight as the top predictor, whereas a CART tree ranks it 5th. 
These differences should not be disconcerting; rather they emphasize that a 
single tree’s greediness prioritizes predictors differently than a random forest. 
8.6 Boosting 
Boosting models were originally developed for classification problems and 
were later extended to the regression setting. Readers unfamiliar with boost- 

204 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
ing may benefit by first reading about boosting for classification (Sect. 14.5) 
and then returning to this section. For completeness of this section, we will 
give a history of boosting to provide a bridge from boosting’s original develop- 
ment in classification to its use in the regression context. This history begins 
with the AdaBoost algorithm and evolves to Friedman’s stochastic gradient 
boosting machine, which is now widely accepted as the boosting algorithm 
of choice among practitioners. 
In the early 1990s boosting algorithms appeared (Schapire 1990; Freund 
1995; Schapire 1999), which were influenced by learning theory (Valiant 1984; 
Kearns and Valiant 1989), in which a number of weak classifiers (a classifier 
that predicts marginally better than random) are combined (or boosted) to 
produce an ensemble classifier with a superior generalized misclassification 
error rate. Researchers struggled for a time to find an effective implementa- 
tion of boosting theory, until Freund and Schapire collaborated to produce 
the AdaBoost algorithm (Schapire 1999). AdaBoost (see Algorithm 14.2) pro- 
vided a practical implementation of Kerns and Valiant’s concept of boosting 
a weak learner into a strong learner (Kearns and Valiant 1989). 
Boosting, especially in the form of the AdaBoost algorithm, was shown to 
be a powerful prediction tool, usually outperforming any individual model. 
Its success drew attention from the modeling community and its use became 
widespread with applications in gene expression (Dudoit et al. 2002; Ben-Dor 
et al. 2000), chemometrics (Varmuza et al. 2003), and music genre identifica- 
tion (Bergstra et al. 2006), to name a few. 
The AdaBoost algorithm clearly worked, and after its successful arrival, 
several researchers (Friedman et al. 2000) connected the AdaBoost algorithm 
to statistical concepts of loss functions, additive modeling, and logistic re- 
gression and showed that boosting can be interpreted as a forward stagewise 
additive model that minimizes exponential loss. This fundamental under- 
standing of boosting led to a new view of boosting that facilitated several 
algorithmic generalizations to classification problems (Sect. 14.5). Moreover, 
this new perspective also enabled the method to be extended to regression 
problems. 
Friedman’s ability to see boosting’s statistical framework yielded a sim- 
ple, elegant, and highly adaptable algorithm for different kinds of problems 
(Friedman 2001). He called this method “gradient boosting machines” which 
encompassed both classification and regression. The basic principles of gra- 
dient boosting are as follows: given a loss function (e.g., squared error for 
regression) and a weak learner (e.g., regression trees), the algorithm seeks 
to find an additive model that minimizes the loss function. The algorithm 
is typically initialized with the best guess of the response (e.g., the mean of 
the response in regression). The gradient (e.g., residual) is calculated, and a 
model is then fit to the residuals to minimize the loss function. The current 
model is added to the previous model, and the procedure continues for a 
user-specified number of iterations. 

8.6 Boosting 205 
As described throughout this text, any modeling technique with tuning 
parameters can produce a range of predictive ability—from weak to strong. 
Because boosting requires a weak learner, almost any technique with tuning 
parameters can be made into a weak learner. Trees, as it turns out, make 
an excellent base learner for boosting for several reasons. First, they have 
the flexibility to be weak learners by simply restricting their depth. Second, 
separate trees can be easily added together, much like individual predictors 
can be added together in a regression model, to generate a prediction. And 
third, trees can be generated very quickly. Hence, results from individual 
trees can be directly aggregated, thus making them inherently suitable for an 
additive modeling process. 
When regression tree are used as the base learner, simple gradient boosting 
for regression has two tuning parameters: tree depth and number of iterations. 
Tree depth in this context is also known as interaction depth, since each 
subsequential split can be thought of as a higher-level interaction term with 
all of the other previous split predictors. If squared error is used as the loss 
function, then a simple boosting algorithm using these tuning parameters can 
be found in Algorithm 8.3. 
1 Select tree depth, D, and number of iterations, K” 
2 Compute the average response, 7, and use this as the initial 
predicted value for each sample 
3 for k. = 1 to.K do 
4 Compute the residual, the difference between the observed value 
and the current predicted value, for each sample 
5 Fit a regression tree of depth, D, using the residuals as the 
response 
6 Predict each sample using the regression tree fit in the previous 
step 
7 Update the predicted value of each sample by adding the 
previous iteration’s predicted value to the predicted value 
generated in the previous step 
8 end 
Algorithm 8.3: Simple Gradient Boosting for Regression 
Clearly, the version of boosting presented in Algorithm 8.3 has similarities 
to random forests: the final prediction is based on an ensemble of models, 
and trees are used as the base learner. However, the way the ensembles are 
constructed differs substantially between each method. In random forests, all 
trees are created independently, each tree is created to have maximum depth, 

206 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
and each tree contributes equally to the final model. The trees in boosting, 
however, are dependent on past trees, have minimum depth, and contribute 
unequally to the final model. Despite these differences, both random forests 
and boosting offer competitive predictive performance. Computation time for 
boosting is often greater than for random forests, since random forests can 
be easily parallel processed given that the trees are created independently. 
Friedman recognized that his gradient boosting machine could be suscep- 
tible to over-fitting, since the learner employed—even in its weakly defined 
learning capacity—is tasked with optimally fitting the gradient. This means 
that boosting will select the optimal learner at each stage of the algorithm. 
Despite using weak learners, boosting still employs the greedy strategy of 
choosing the optimal weak learner at each stage. Although this strategy gen- 
erates an optimal solution at the current stage, it has the drawbacks of not 
finding the optimal global model as well as over-fitting the training data. 
A remedy for greediness is to constrain the learning process by employing 
regularization, or shrinkage, in the same manner as illustrated in Sect. 6.4. 
In Algorithm 8.3, a regularization strategy can be injected into the final line 
of the loop. Instead of adding the predicted value for a sample to previous 
iteration’s predicted value, only a fraction of the current predicted value is 
added to the previous iteration’s predicted value. This fraction is commonly 
referred to as the learning rate and is parameterized by the symbol, A. This 
parameter can take values between 0 and | and becomes another tuning 
parameter for the model. Ridgeway (2007) suggests that small values of the 
learning parameter (< 0.01) work best, but he also notes that the value of 
the parameter is inversely proportional to the computation time required to 
find an optimal model, because more iterations are necessary. Having more 
iterations also implies that more memory is required for storing the model. 
After Friedman published his gradient boosting machine, he considered 
some of the properties of Breiman’s bagging technique. Specifically, the ran- 
dom sampling nature of bagging offered a reduction in prediction variance for 
bagging. Friedman updated the boosting machine algorithm with a random 
sampling scheme and termed the new procedure stochastic gradient boosting. 
To do this, Friedman inserted the following step before line within the loop: 
randomly select a fraction of the training data. The residuals and models in 
the remaining steps of the current iteration are based only on the sample 
of data. The fraction of training data used, known as the bagging fraction, 
then becomes another tuning parameter for the model. It turns out that this 
simple modification improved the prediction accuracy of boosting while also 
reducing the required computational resources. Friedman suggests using a 
bagging fraction of around 0.5; this value, however, can be tuned like any 
other parameter. 
Figure 8.20 presents the cross-validated RMSE results for boosted trees 
across tuning parameters of tree depth (1-7), number of trees (100—1,000), 
and shrinkage (0.01 or 0.1); the bagging fraction in this illustration was fixed 
at 0.5. When examining this figure, the larger value of shrinkage (right-hand 

8.6 Boosting 207 
1.6 
1.4 
RMSE (Cross—Validation) 
T 
200 400 600 800 1000 
#Trees 
Fig. 8.20: Cross-validated RMSE profiles for the boosted tree model 
plot) has an impact on reducing RMSE for all choices of tree depth and 
number of trees. Also, RMSE decreases as tree depth increases when shrinkage 
is 0.01. The same pattern holds true for RMSE when shrinkage is 0.1 and the 
number of trees is less than 300. 
Using the one-standard-error rule, the optimal boosted tree has depth 3 
with 400 trees and shrinkage of 0.1. These settings produce a cross-validated 
RMSE of 0.616. 
Variable importance for boosting is a function of the reduction in squared 
error. Specifically, the improvement in squared error due to each predictor 
is summed within each tree in the ensemble (i.e., each predictor gets an im- 
provement value for each tree). The improvement values for each predictor are 
then averaged across the entire ensemble to yield an overall importance value 
(Friedman 2002; Ridgeway 2007). The top 25 predictors for the model are 
presented in Fig. 8.21. NumCarbon and MolWeight stand out in this example 
as most important followed by SurfaceAreat and SurfaceArea2; importance 
values tail off after about 7 predictors. Comparing these results to random 
forests we see that both methods identify the same top 4 predictors, albeit in 
different order. The importance profile for boosting has a much steeper im- 
portance slope than the one for random forests. This is due to the fact that 
the trees from boosting are dependent on each other and hence will have 
correlated structures as the method follows by the gradient. Therefore many 
of the same predictors will be selected across the trees, increasing their con- 
tribution to the importance metric. Differences between variable importance 

208 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
a eee eS 
NumCarbon 
MolWeight © 
SurfaceArea1 
SurfaceArea2 
HydrophilicFactor 
NumAromaticBonds 
NumNonHAtoms 
Reine 
NumMultBonds 
NumHydrogen 
NumHalogen 
NumChlorine 
NumNonHBonds 
NumRotBonds 
NumAtoms 
FP0O75 
NumOxygen 
FP0O72 
NumBonds 
FP084 
FPO59 
FP043 
FROTS 
le thks) 
FP028 Ty] 
T I J If T 
500 1000 1500 2000 2500 
Importance oreo tee Tiiietey eel 
Fig. 8.21: Variable importance scores for the top 25 predictors used in the 
stochastic gradient boosting model for solubility 
ordering and magnitude between random forests and boosting should not be 
disconcerting. Instead, one should consider these as two different perspectives 
of the data and use each view to provide some understanding of the gross 
relationships between predictors and the response. 
8.7 Cubist 
Cubist is a rule-based model that is an amalgamation of several methodolo- 
gies published some time ago (Quinlan 1987, 1992, 1993a) but has evolved 
over this period. Previously, Cubist was only available in a commercial capac- 
ity, but in 2011 the source code was released under an open-source license. 
At this time, the full details of the current version of the model became 
public. Our description of the model stems from the open-source version 

8.7 Cubist 209 
of the model.” Some specific differences between Cubist and the previously 
described approaches for model trees and their rule-based variants are: 
e The specific techniques used for linear model smoothing, creating rules, 
and pruning are different 
An optional boosting—like procedure called committees 
The predictions generated by the model rules can be adjusted using nearby 
points from the training set data 
The model tree construction process is almost identical to the process 
described in Sect. 8.2, although the smoothing process between linear models 
is more complex than the approach described in Quinlan (1992). In Cubist, 
the models are still combined using a linear combination of two models: 
Ypar = @ X YR) + (1—@) X Hp), 
where y,) 1s the prediction from the current model and y,) is from parent 
model above it in the tree. Compared to model trees, Cubist calculates the 
mixing proportions using a different equation. Let e(,) be the collection of 
residuals of the child model (i.e., y — yxy) and e(p) be similar values for 
the parent model. The smoothing procedure first determines the covariance 
between the two sets of model residuals (denoted as Cov{e(,), €(,)])- This is an 
overall measure of the linear relation between the two sets of residuals. If the 
covariance is large, this implies that the residuals generally have the same 
sign and relative magnitude, while a value near 0 would indicate no (linear) 
relationship between the errors of the two models. Cubist also calculates the 
variance of the difference between the residuals, e.g., Var[e(,) — e(,)]. The 
smoothing coefficient used by Cubist is then 
Z Varley] = Cov[e(x), €(p)| 
Var[e(p) — €(x)| 
The first part of the numerator is proportional to the parent model’s RMSE. 
If variance of the parent model’s errors is larger than the covariance, the 
smoothing procedure tends to weight the child more than the parent. Con- 
versely, if the variance of the parent model is low, that model is given more 
weight. 
In the end, the model with the smallest RMSE has a higher weight in the 
smoothed model. When the models have the same RMSE, they are equally 
weighted in the smooth procedure (regardless of the covariance). 
Unlike the previously discussed “separate and conquer” methodology, the 
final model tree is used to construct the initial set of rules. Cubist collects the 
sequence of linear models at each node into a single, smoothed representation 
of the models so that there is one liner model associated with each rule. The 
2 We are indebted to the work of Chris Keefer, who extensively studied the Cubist 
source code. 

210 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
adjusted error rate (Eq.8.3) is the criterion for pruning and/or combining 
rules. Starting with splits made near the terminal nodes, each condition of 
the rules is tested using the adjusted error rate for the training set. If the 
deletion of a condition in the rule does not increase the error rate, it is 
dropped. This can lead to entire rules being removed from the overall model. 
Once the rule conditions have been finalized, a new sample is predicted using 
the average of the linear models from the appropriate rules (as opposed to 
the rule with the largest coverage). 
Model committees can be created by generating a sequence of rule-based 
models. Like boosting, each model is affected by the result of the previous 
models. Recall that boosting uses new weights for each data point based 
on previous fits and then fits a new model utilizing these weights. Commit- 
tees function differently. The training set outcome is adjusted based on the 
prior model fit and then builds a new set of rules using this pseudo-response. 
Specifically, the mth committee model uses an adjusted response: 
Wes On i): 
Basically, if a data point is underpredicted, the sample value is increased in 
the hope that the model will produce a larger prediction in the next iteration. 
Similarly, over-predicted points are adjusted so that the next model will lower 
its prediction. Once the full set of committee models are created, new samples 
are predicted using each model and the final rule-based prediction is the 
simple average of the individual model predictions (recall that boosting uses 
stage weights for the average). 
Once the rule-based model is finalized (either using a single model or a 
committee), Cubist has the ability to adjust the model prediction with sam- 
ples from the training set (Quinlan 1993a). When predicting a new sample, 
the A most similar neighbors are determined from the training set. Suppose 
that the model predicts the new sample to be y and then the final prediction 
would be 
where ty is the observed outcome for a training set neighbor, ty is the model 
prediction of that neighbor, and wy is a weight calculated using the distance 
of the training set neighbors to the new sample. As the difference between 
the predictions of the new sample and its closest neighbor increases, the 
adjustment becomes larger. 
There are several details that must be specified to enact this process. First, 
a distance metric to define the neighbors is needed. The implementation of 
Cubist uses Manhattan (a.k.a. city block) distances to determine the nearest 
neighbors. Also, neighbors are only included if they are “close enough” to the 
prediction sample. To filter the neighbors, the average pairwise distance of 
data points in the training set is used as a threshold. If the distance from 

8.7 Cubist Zila 
0 o 
0.70 
RMSE (Cross—Validation) oO o oi 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
#Committees 
Fig. 8.22: Cross-validated RMSE profiles for the number of committees and 
neighbors used in Cubist 
the potential neighbor to the prediction samples is greater than this average 
distance, the neighbor is excluded. The weights wy also use the distance to 
the neighbors. The raw weights are computed as 
i 
where Dy, is the distance of the neighbor to the prediction sample. These 
weights are normalized to sum to one. Weighting has the effect of emphasizing 
neighbors that are more similar to the prediction sample. Quinlan (1993a) 
provides more information and further details can be found in the Cubist 
source code at www.RuleQuest.com. 
To tune this model, different numbers of committees and neighbors were 
assessed. Figure 8.22 shows the cross-validation profiles. Independent of the 
number of neighbors used, there is a trend where the error is significantly 
reduced as the number of committees is increased and then stabilizes around 
50 committees. The use of the training set to adjust the model predictions is 
interesting: a purely rule-based model does better than an adjustment with 
a single neighbor, but the error is reduced the most when nine neighbors are 
used. In the end, the model with the lowest error (0.57 log units) was associ- 
ated with 100 committees and an adjustment using nine neighbors, although 
fewer committees could also be used without much loss of performance. For 
the final Cubist model, the average number of rules per committee was 5.1 
but ranged from 1 to 15. 

Diez 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
We can compare the Cubist model with a single committee member and 
no neighbor adjustment to the previous rule-based model. The M5 rule-based 
model had an estimated cross-validation error of 0.74 whereas the correspond- 
ing Cubist model had error rate of 0.71. Based on the variation in the results, 
this difference is slightly statistically significant (p-value: 0.0485). This might 
indicate that the methodological differences between the two methods for 
constructing rule-based models are not large, at least for these data. 
There is no established technique for measuring predictor importance for 
Cubist models. Each linear model has a corresponding slope for each pre- 
dictor, but, as previously shown, these values can be gigantic when there 
is significant collinearity in the data. A metric that relied solely on these 
values would also ignore which predictors were used in the splits. However, 
one can enumerate how many times a predictor variable was used in either 
a linear model or a split and use these tabulations to get a rough idea the 
impact each predictor has on the model. However, this approach ignores the 
neighbor-based correction that is sometimes used by Cubist. The modeler 
can choose how to weight the counts for the splits and the linear models in 
the overall usage calculation. 
For the solubility data, predictor importance values were calculated for the 
model with 100 committees and correct the prediction using the 9-nearest 
neighbors. Figure 8.23 shows a visualization of the values, where the «x-axis is 
the total usage of the predictor (i.e., the number of times it was used in a split 
or a linear model). Like many of the other models discussed for these data, 
the continuous predictors appear to have a greater impact on the model than 
the fingerprint descriptors. Unlike the boosted tree model, there is a more 
gradual decrease in importance for these data; there is not a small subset of 
predictors that are dominating the model fit. 
8.8 Computing 
The R packages used in this section are caret, Cubist, gbm, ipred, party, partykit, 
randomForest, rpart, RWeka. 
Single Trees 
Two widely used implementations for single regression trees in R are rpart and 
party. The rpart package makes splits based on the CART methodology using 
the rpart function, whereas the party makes splits based on the conditional 
inference framework using the ctree function. Both rpart and ctree functions 
use the formula method: ; 

8.8 Computing 
NumCarbon 
MolWeight 
NumHydrogen 
SurfaceArea2 
NumOxygen 
SurfaceArea1 
NumBonds 
NumAtoms 
NumNonHBonds 
NumNonHAtoms 
NumMultBonds 
HydrophilicFactor 
NumRotBonds 
NumRings 
NumWNitrogen 
NumDb!IBonds 
NumChlorine 
NumAromaticBonds 
NumHalogen 
FPO65 
FP202 
FPO85 
FP0O74 
FP064 
FP094 Pallas 
Ei 
@ 
—e 
—@ 
fy 
@ 
—@ 
—— —o 
@ 
@ 
(eee So en 
= 
—_ 
———_—___—__—® 
}+—_—___—_—_-e 
}+—_—__—-# 
-———e 
|—_—— 
+—e 
T Sige T T 
40 60 80 100 120 140 
Importance 
Fig. 8.23: Variable importance scores for the top 25 predictors used in the 
Cubist model for solubility 
NEUEN ONS ONE library (rpart) 
rpartTree <- rpart(y ~ ., data = trainData) 
#¥ OF, 
ctreeTree <- ctree(y ~ ., data = trainData) 
The rpart function has several control parameters that can be accessed 
through the rpart.control argument. Two that are commonly used in train- 
ing and that can be accessed through the train function are the complex- 
ity parameter (cp) and maximum node depth (maxdepth). To tune an CART 
tree over the complexity parameter, the method option in the train function 
should be set to method = "rpart". To tune over maximum depth, the method 
option should be set to method="rpart2": 
> set.seed(100) 
> rpartTune <-— train(solTrainxtrans, solTrainY, 
method = "rpart2", + 
* 
+ tuneLength = 10, 
trControl = trainControl (method 

214 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Likewise, the party package has several control parameters that can be 
accessed through the ctree_control argument. Two of these parameters are 
commonly used in training: mincriterion and maxdepth. mincriterion defines 
the statistical criterion that must be met in order to continue splitting; 
maxdepth is the maximum depth of the tree. To tune a conditional inference 
tree over mincriterion, the method option in the train function should be 
set to method = "ctree". To tune over maximum depth, the method option 
should be set to method="ctree2". 
The plot method in the party package can produce the tree diagrams shown 
in Fig. 8.4 via 
> plot (tree0bject) 
To produce such plots for rpart trees, the partykit can be used to first convert 
the rpart object to a party object and then use the plot function: 
> library (partykit) 
> rpartTree2 <- as.party(rpartTree) 
> plot (rpartTree2) 
Model Trees 
The main implementation for model trees can be found in the Weka software 
suite, but the model can be accessed in R using the RWeka package. There 
are two different interfaces: M5P fits the model tree, while M5Rules uses the rule- 
based version. In either case, the functions work with formula methods: 
> library (RWeka) 
> m5tree <- M5P(y ~ ., data = trainData) 
> # or, for rules: 
> m5rules <- M5Rules(y ~ ., data = trainData) 
In our example, the minimum number of training set points required to 
create additional splits was raised from the default of 4-10. To do this, the 
control argument is used: 
> mitree <- M5P(y ~ ., data = trainData, 
+ control = Weka_control(M = 10)) 
The control argument also has options for toggling the use of smoothing and 
pruning. If the full model tree is used, a visualization similar to Fig. 8.10 can 
be created by the plot function on the output from MS5P. 
To tune these models, the train function in the caret package has two 
options: using méthod = "M5" evaluates model trees and the rule-based versions 
of the model, as well as the use of smoothing and pruning. Figure 8.12 shows 
the results of evaluating these models from the code: 

8.8 Computing 215 
> set.seed(100) 
> m5Tune <- train(solTrainxtrans, solTrainY, 
+ method = "M5", 
+ trControl = trainControl(method = "cv"), 
+ ## Use an option for M5() to specify the minimum 
## number of samples needed to further splits the 
+ ## data to be 10 
ef control = Weka_control(M = 10)) 
followed by plot (m5Tune). train with method = "M5Rules" evaluates only the 
rule-based version of the model. 
Bagged Trees 
The ipred package contains two functions for bagged trees: bagging uses the 
formula interface and ipredbagg has the non-formula interface: 
> library (ipred) 
> baggedTree <- ipredbagg(solTrainY, solTrainXtrans) 
> ## or 
> baggedTree <- bagging(y ~ ., data = trainData) 
The function uses the rpart function and details about the type of tree can 
be specified by passing rpart.control to the control argument for bagging and 
ipredbagg. By default, the largest possible tree is created. 
Several other packages have functions for bagging. The aforementioned 
RWeka package has a function called Bagging and the caret package has a 
general framework for bagging many model types, including trees, called bag. 
Conditional inference trees can also be bagged using the cforest function in 
the party package if the argument mtry is equal to the number of predictors: 
> library (party) 
> ## The mtry parameter should be the number of predictors (the 
> ## number of columns minus 1 for the outcome). 
> 
> bagCtrl <- cforest_control(mtry = ncol(trainData) - 1) 
baggedTree <- cforest(y ~ ., data = trainData, controls = bagCtrl) 
Random Forest 
The primary implementation for random forest comes from the package with 
the same name: 
> library (randomForest) 
> rfModel <- randomForest(solTrainXxtrans, solTrainY) 
> ## or 
> rfModel <- randomForest(y ~ ., data = trainData) 

216 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
The two main arguments are mtry for the number of predictors that are 
randomly sampled as candidates for each split and ntree for the number of 
bootstrap samples. The default for mtry in regression is the number of predic- 
tors divided by 3. The number of trees should be large enough to provide a 
stable, reproducible results. Although the default is 500, at least 1,000 boot- 
strap samples should be used (and perhaps more depending on the number of 
predictors and the values of mtry). Another important option is importance; 
by default, variable importance scores are not computed as they are time 
consuming; importance = TRUE will generate these values: 
> library (randomForest) 
> rfModel <- randomForest(solTrainxtrans, solTrainyY, 
+ importance = TRUE, 
of ntrees = 1000) 
For forests built using conditional inference trees, the cforest function in 
the party package is available. It has similar options, but the controls argu- 
ment (note the plural) allows the user to pick the type of splitting algorithm 
to use (e.g., biased or unbiased). 
Neither of these functions can be used with missing data. 
The train function contains wrappers for tuning either of these models by 
specifying either method = "rf" or method = "cforest". Optimizing the mtry 
parameter may result in a slight increase in performance. Also, train can use 
standard resampling methods for estimating performance (as opposed to the 
out-of-bag estimate). 
For randomForest models, the variable importance scores can be accessed 
using a function in that package called importance. For cforest objects, the 
analogous function in the party package is varimp. 
Each package tends to have its own function for calculating importance 
scores, similar to the situation for class probabilities shown in Table B.1 of the 
first Appendix. caret has a unifying function called varImp that is a wrapper 
for variable importance functions for the following tree-model objects: rpart, 
classbagg (produced by the ipred package’s bagging functions) randomForest, 
cforest, gbm, and cubist. 
Boosted Trees 
The most widely used package for boosting regression trees via stochastic 
gradient boosting machines is gbm. Like the random forests interface, models 
can be built in two distinct ways: 
library (gbm) 
gbmModel <- gbm.fit(solTrainxtrans, solTrainY, distribution = "gaussian") 
## or 
gbmModel <- gbm(y ~ ., data = trainData, distribution = "gaussian") VvVYVvVYV 

8.8 Computing 217 
The distribution argument defines the type of loss function that will be 
optimized during boosting. For a continuous response, distribution should 
be set to “gaussian.” The number of trees (n.trees), depth of trees (interac- 
tion.depth), shrinkage (shrinkage ), and proportion of observations to be sam- 
pled (bag. fraction) can all be directly set in the call to gpm. 
Like other parameters, the train function can be used to tune over these 
parameters. To tune over interaction depth, number of trees, and shrinkage, 
for example, we first define a tuning grid. Then we train over this grid as 
follows: 
> gbmGrid <- expand.grid(.interaction.depth = seq(1, 7, by = 2), 
+ .n.trees = seq(100, 1000, by = 50), 
+ .Shrinkage = c(0.01, 0.1)) 
> set.seed(100) 
> gbmTune <- train(solTrainXtrans, solTrainY, 
Fe method = "gbm", 
+ tuneGrid = gbmGrid, 
+ ## The gbm() function produces copious amounts 
of ## of output, so pass in the verbose option 
+ ## to avoid printing a lot to the screen. 
zt verbose = FALSE) 
Cubist 
As previously mentioned, the implementation for this model created by Rule- 
Quest was recently made public using an open-source license. An R package 
called Cubist was created using the open-source code. The function does not 
have a formula method since it is desirable to have the Cubist code manage 
the creation and usage of dummy variables. To create a simple rule-based 
model with a single committee and no instance-based adjustment, we can 
use the simple code: 
> library (Cubist) 
> cubistMod <- cubist(solTrainxtrans, solTrainY) 
An argument, committees, fits multiple models. The familiar predict method 
would be used for new samples: 
> predict (cubistMod, solTestXtrans) 
The choice of instance-based corrections does not need to be made until 
samples are predicted. The predict function has an argument, neighbors, that 
can take on a single integer value (between 0 and 9) to adjust the rule-based 
predictions from the training set. 
Once the model is trained, the summary function generates the exact rules 
that were used, as well as the final smoothed linear model for each rule. Also, 

218 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
as with most other models, the train function in the caret package can tune 
the model over values of committees and neighbors through resampling: 
> cubistTuned <- train(solTrainXtrans, solTrainY, method = "cubist") 
Exercises 
8.1. Recreate the simulated data from Exercise 7.2: 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
(a library (mlbench) 
set.seed (200) 
simulated <- mlbench.friedman1(200, sd = 1) 
simulated <- cbind(simulated$x, simulated$y) 
simulated <- as.data. frame (simulated) 
colnames (simulated) [ncol(simulated)] <- "y" 
.) Fit a random forest model to all of the predictors, then estimate the 
variable importance scores: 
library (randomForest) 
library (caret) 
model1 <- randomForest(y ~ ., data = simulated, 
importance = TRUE, 
ntree = 1000) 
rfImp1 <- varImp(model1, scale = FALSE) NP a a OND NY, 
Did the random forest model significantly use the uninformative predic- 
tors (v6 — v10)? 
(b) Now add an additional predictor that is highly correlated with one of the 
(c informative predictors. For example: 
> simulated$duplicate1 <- simulated$V1 + rnorm(200) * .1 
> cor(simulated$duplicate1, simulated$V1) 
Fit another random forest model to these data. Did the importance score 
for vi change? What happens when you add another predictor that is 
also highly correlated with v1? 
) Use the cforest function in the party package to fit a random forest model 
using conditional inference trees. The party package function varimp can 
calculate predictor importance. The conditional argument of that func- 
tion toggles between the traditional importance measure and the modified 
version described in Strobl et al. (2007). Do these importances show the 
same pattérn as the traditional random forest model? 
(d) Repeat this process with different tree models, such as boosted trees and 
Cubist. Does the same pattern occur? 

8.8 Computing 219 
MolWeight j= NumCarbon 
HydrophilicFactor MolWeight 
NumAromaticBonds SurfaceArea2 
NumCarbon SurfaceAreat 
SurfaceAreat HydrophilicFactor 
NumMultBonds NumNonHAtoms 
NumAtoms NumBonds 
NumHalogen NumHydrogen 
ER FP059 
SurfaceArea2 esis) 
NumNonHAtoms FP092 
NumHydrogen FP198 
NumBonds FPO77 
NumRotBonds NumMultBonds 
NumNonHBonds NumRotBonds 
FP075 NumAtoms 
NumRings NumOxygen 
FP015 NumHalogen 
FP072 NumNonHBonds 
FP0O74 FP176 
FP107 NumChlorine 
FP0O70 Eelei7 
FPO65 FP205 
FP044 FP141 FP104 NumAromaticBonds 
0 200 400 600 0 500 1000 
Importance Importance 
Fig. 8.24: A comparison of variable importance magnitudes for differing values 
of the bagging fraction and shrinkage parameters. Both tuning parameters 
are set to 0.1 in the left figure. Both are set to 0.9 in the right figure 
8.2. Use a simulation to show tree bias with different granularities. 
8.3. In stochastic gradient boosting the bagging fraction and learning rate 
will govern the construction of the trees as they are guided by the gradi- 
ent. Although the optimal values of these parameters should be obtained 
through the tuning process, it is helpful to understand how the magnitudes 
of these parameters affect magnitudes of variable importance. Figure 8.24 
provides the variable importance plots for boosting using two extreme values 
for the bagging fraction (0.1 and 0.9) and the learning rate (0.1 and 0.9) for 
the solubility data. The left-hand plot has both parameters set to 0.1, and 
the right-hand plot has both set to 0.9: 
(a) Why does the model on the right focus its importance on just the first few 
of predictors, whereas the model on the left spreads importance across 
more predictors? 
(b) Which model do you think would be more predictive of other samples? 
(c) How would increasing interaction depth affect the slope of predictor im- 
portance for either model in Fig. 8.24? 

220 8 Regression Trees and Rule-Based Models 
8.4. Use a single predictor in the solubility data, such as the molecular weight 
or the number of carbon atoms and fit several models: 
(a) A simple regression tree 
(b) A random forest model 
(c) Different Cubist models with a single rule or multiple committees (each 
with and without using neighbor adjustments) 
Plot the predictor data versus the solubility results for the test set. Overlay 
the model predictions for the test set. How do the model differ? Does changing 
the tuning parameter(s) significantly affect the model fit? 
8.5. Fit different tree- and rule-based models for the Tecator data discussed 
in Exercise 6.1. How do they compare to linear models? Do the between- 
predictor correlations seem to affect your models? If so, how would you trans- 
form or re-encode the predictor data to mitigate this issue? 
8.6. Return to the permeability problem described in Exercises 6.2 and 7.4. 
Train several tree-based models and evaluate the resampling and test set 
performance: 
(a) Which tree-based model gives the optimal resampling and test set per- 
formance? 
(b) Do any of these models outperform the covariance or non-covariance 
based regression models you have previously developed for these data? 
What criteria did you use to compare models’ performance? 
(c) Of all the models you have developed thus far, which, if any, would you 
recommend to replace the permeability laboratory experiment? 
8.7. Refer to Exercises 6.3 and 7.5 which describe a chemical manufacturing 
process. Use the same data imputation, data splitting, and pre-processing 
steps as before and train several tree-based models: 
(a) Which tree-based regression model gives the optimal resampling and test 
set performance? 
(b) Which predictors are most important in the optimal tree-based regression 
model? Do either the biological or process variables dominate the list? 
How do the top 10 important predictors compare to the top 10 predictors 
from the optimal linear and nonlinear models? 
(c) Plot the optimal single tree with the distribution of yield in the terminal 
nodes. Does this view of the data provide additional knowledge about the 
biological or process predictors and their relationship with yield? 

Chapter 9 
A Summary of Solubility Models 
Across the last few chapters, a variety of models have been fit to the solubility 
data set. How do the models compare for these data and which one should 
be selected for the final model? Figs. 9.1 and 9.2 show scatter plots of the 
performance metrics calculated using cross-validation and the test set data. 
With the exception of poorly performing models, there is a fairly high 
correlation between the results derived from resampling and the test set (0.9 
for the RMSE and 0.88 for R?). For the most part, the models tend to rank 
order similarly. A-nearest neighbors were the weakest performer, followed by 
the two single tree-based methods. While bagging these trees did help, it 
did not make the models very competitive. Additionally, conditional random 
forest models had mediocre results. 
There was a “pack” of models that showed better results, including model 
trees, linear regression, penalized linear models, MARS, and neural networks. 
These models are more simplistic but would not be considered interpretable 
given the number of predictors involved in the linear models and the com- 
plexity of the model trees and MARS. For the most part, they would be 
easy to implement. Recall that this type of model might be used by a phar- 
maceutical company to screen millions of potential compounds, so ease of 
implementation should not be taken lightly. 
The group of high-performance models include support vector machines 
(SVMs), boosted trees, random forests, and Cubist. Hach is essentially a 
black box with a highly complex prediction equation. The performance of 
these models is head and shoulders above the rest so there is probably some 
value in finding computationally efficient implementations that can be used 
to predict large numbers of new samples. 
Are there any real differences between these models? Using the resampling 
results, a set of confidence intervals were constructed to characterize the 
differences in RMSE in the models using the techniques shown in Sect. 4.8. 
Figure 9.3 shows the intervals. There are very few statistically significant 
bo NO = M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_9, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

222 . 9 A Summary of Solubility Models 
Cross-—Validation gQ Test Set & 
Cubist 
Boosted Tree 
SVMp 
SVMr 
Random Forest 
Elastic Net 
Neural Net 
MARS 
Ridge 
PES 
Linear Reg. 
M5 
Bagged Cond. Tree 
Cond. Random Forest 
Bagged Tree 
Tree 
Cond. Tree 
KNN 
0.75 0.80 0.85 0.90 
R-—Squared 
Fig. 9.1: A plot of the R? solubility models estimated by 10-fold cross- 
validation and the test set 
Cross—Validation @ Test Set @ 
= ue = - J 
KNN & a 
Cond. Tree s | 
Tree @ & 
Bagged Tree & e 
Cond. Random Forest 
Bagged Cond. Tree 
M5 
Linear Reg. 
PLS 
Ridge 
MARS 
Neural Net 
Elastic Net 
Random Forest 
SVMr 
SVMp 
Boosted Tree 
Cubist 
0.6 0.7 0.8 0.9 1.0 Tall 
RMSE 
Fig. 9.2: A plot of the RMSE solubility models estimated by 10-fold cross- 
validation and the test set 

9 A Summary of Solubility Models 203 
L See el 
rf — SVMr ¢ (a ee 
rf — gbm _——— 
rf — cubist —— * as 
gbm —- SVMr ——_—__«_——_4 
gbm — cubist a 
cubist — SVMr —_—_—_e—____ 
T T 
—0.05 0.00 0.05 0.10 
Difference in RMSE 
Confidence Level 0.992 (multiplicity adjusted) 
Fig. 9.3: Confidence intervals for the differences in RMSE for the high- 
performance models 
differences. Additionally, most of the estimated mean differences are less than 
0.05 log units, which are not scientifically meaningful. Given this, any of these 
models would be a reasonable choice. 


Chapter 10 
Case Study: Compressive Strength 
of Concrete Mixtures 
Thus far, the focus has been on observational data sets where the values of the 
predictors were not pre-specified. For example, the QSAR data used in the 
previous chapters involved a collection of diverse compounds that captured 
a sufficient amount of the “chemical space.” This particular data set was 
not created by specifying exact values for the chemical properties (such as 
molecular weight). Instead compounds were sampled from an appropriate 
population for use in the model. 
Designed experiments are created by planning the exact values of the pre- 
dictors (referred to as the factors in this context) using some sort of strategic 
methodology. The configurations of predictor settings are created so that they 
have good mathematical and experimental properties. One such property is 
balance. A balanced design is one where no one experimental factor (i.e., the 
predictors) has more focus than the others. In most cases, this means that 
each predictor has the same number of possible levels and that the frequen- 
cies of the levels are equivalent for each factor. The properties used to choose 
the best experimental design are driven by the stage of experimentation. 
Box et al. (1978) popularized the concept of sequential experimentation 
where a large number of possible experimental factors are screened with low 
resolution (i.e., “casting a wide net”) to determine the active or important 
factors that relate to the outcome. Once the importance of the predictors 
are quantified, more focused experiments are created with the subset of im- 
portant factors. In subsequent experiments, the nature of the relationship 
between the important factors can be further elucidated. The last step in the 
sequence of experiments is to fine-tune a small number of important factors. 
Response surface experiments (Myers and Montgomery 2009) use a smaller 
set of predictor values. Here, the primary goal is to optimize the experimental 
settings based on a nonlinear model of the experimental predictors. 
bo i) Ot M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 
DOI 10.1007 /978-1-4614-6849-3_10, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

226 10 Case Study: Compressive Strength of Concrete Mixtures 
. . . . . ilies 
Designed experiments and predictive models have several differences”: 
e A sequence of studies is preferred over a single, comprehensive data set that 
attempts to include all possible predictors (i.e., experimental factors) with 
many values per predictor. The iterative paradigm of planning, designing, 
and then analyzing an experiment is, on the surface, different than most 
predictive modeling problems. 
e Until the final stages of sequential experimentation, the focus is on un- 
derstanding which predictors affect the outcome and how. Once response 
surface experiments are utilized, the focus of the activities is solely about 
prediction. 
This case study will focus on the prediction of optimal formulations of 
concrete mixture-based data from designed experiments. 
Concrete is an integral part of most industrialized societies. It is used to 
some extent in nearly all structures and in many roads. One of the main 
properties of interest (beside cost) is the compressive strength of the hard- 
ened concrete. The composition of many concretes includes a number of dry 
ingredients which are mixed with water and then are allowed to dry and 
harden. Given its abundance and critical role in infrastructure, the composi- 
tion is important and has been widely studied. In this chapter, models will 
be created to help find potential recipes to maximize compressive strength. 
Yeh (2006) describes a standard type of experimental setup for this sce- 
nario called a mixture design (Cornell 2002; Myers and Montgomery 2009). 
Here, boundaries on the upper and lower limits on the mixture proportion 
for each ingredient are used to create multiple mixtures that methodically fill 
the space within the boundaries. For a specific type of mixture design, there 
is a corresponding linear regression model that is typically used to model the 
relationship between the ingredients and the outcome. These linear models 
can include interaction effects and higher-order terms for the ingredients. The 
ingredients used in Yeh (2006) were: 
Cement (kg/m?) 
Fly ash (kg/m*), small particles produced by burning coal 
Blast furnace slag (kg/m?) 
Water (kg/m?) 
' There are cases where specialized types of experimental designs are utilized with 
predictive models. In the field of chemometrics, an orthogonal array-type design fol- 
lowed by the sequential elimination of level combination algorithm has been shown 
to improve QSAR models (Mandal et al. 2006, 2007). Also, the field of active learn- 
img sequentially added samples based on the training set using the predictive model 
results (Cohn et al. 1994; Saar-Tsechansky and Provost 2007a). 

10 Case Study: Compressive Strength of Concrete Mixtures Da 
e Superplasticizer (kg/m*), an additive that reduces particle aggregation 
e Coarse aggregate (kg/m?) 
e Fine aggregate (kg/m®) 
Yeh (2006) also describes an additional non-mixture factor related to com- 
pressive strength: the age of the mixture (at testing). Since this is not an 
ingredient, it is usually referred to as a process factor. Specific experimental 
designs (and linear model forms) exist for experiments that combine mixture 
and process variables (see Cornell (2002) for more details). 
Yeh (1998) takes a different approach to modeling concrete mixture exper- 
iments. Here, separate experiments from 17 sources with common experimen- 
tal factors were combined into one “meta-experiment” and the author used 
neural networks to create predictive models across the whole mixture space. 
Age was also included in the model. The public version of the data set in- 
cludes 1030 data points across the different experiments, although Yeh (1998) 
states that some mixtures were removed from his analysis due to nonstandard 
conditions. There is no information regarding exactly which mixtures were 
removed, so the analyses here will use all available data points. Table 10.1 
shows a summary of the predictor data (in amounts) and the outcome. 
Figure 10.1 shows scatter plots of each predictor versus the compressive 
strength. Age shows a strong nonlinear relationship with the predictor, and 
the cement amount has a linear relationship. Note that several of the in- 
gredients have a large frequency of a single amount, such as zero for the 
superplasticizer and the amount of fly ash. In these cases, the compressive 
strength varies widely for those values of the predictors. This might indi- 
cate that some of the partitioning methods, such as trees or MARS, may 
be able to isolate these mixtures within the model and more effectively pre- 
dict the compressive strength. For example, there are 53 mixtures with no 
superplasticizer or fly ash but with exactly 228kg/m®* of water. This may 
represent an important sub-population of mixtures that may benefit from a 
model that is specific to these types of mixtures. A tree- or rule-based model 
has the ability to model such a sub-group while classical regression models 
would not. 
Although the available data do not denote which formulations came from 
each source, there are 19 distinct mixtures with replicate data points. The 
majority of these mixtures had only two or three duplicate conditions, al- 
though some conditions have as many as four replicates. When modeling 
these data, the replicate results should not be treated as though they are in- 
dependent observations. For example, having replicate mixtures in both the 
training and test sets can result in overly optimistic assessments of how well 
the model works. A common approach here is to average the outcomes within 
each unique mixture. Consequentially, the number of mixtures available for 
modeling drops from 1030 to 992. 

228 10 Case Study: Compressive Strength of Concrete Mixtures 
Table 10.1: Data, for the concrete mixtures 
9 Variables 1030 Observations 
Cement SHARED RA etealer mains hors tees 
n missing unique Mean Oo OOO 2a OL O Oso. (0290) 10:95) 
1,030 i 378 Dyes les 1a 7 153.5 192.4 272.9 350.0 425.0 480.0 Ue 
lowest =; 102-0 108-3 116.0 220 13250 
highest: 522.0 525.0 528.0 581. 3 540.0 
Blast FurnaceSlag He. ae 
n missing unique Mean 0.05 0.10 0.25 0.50 0.75 0. 90 0. 95 
1,030 6 Sb %o29) <OL00 O10) 101012250) 14259919270)236:0 
lowest : OFOP TsO Se Gr To Or liane 
highest: 290.2 305.3 316.1 342.1 359.4 
FlyAsh | 
n missing unique ie an 0.05 0.10 0.25 0.50 0.75 0.90 0.95 
1,030 i 156 ESM OO) COCO MONG LO) nivtecssy alo aire) 
lowest : OOM A7 ba 5 Ob COMO ORO memialinO: 
highest: 194.0 194.9 195.0 200.0 200.1 
Wate Ae eigen enac cll Menkes: 
n ee unique Mean 0.05 0.10 0.25 0.50 0.75 0.90 0.95 ' 
1030 0 19 95 181.6 146.1 154.6 164.9 185.0 192.0 203.5 228.0 
TOWSSG 2) Me Or Cum ole OM ieoe slinS 
highest: 228.0 236.7 237.0 246.9 247.0 
Superplasticizer | eee 
n muSSine unique Mean 0.05 0.10 0.25 0.50 0.75 0.90 0.95 
1,030 ; 11 6.205 0.00 0.00 0.00 6.40 10.20 12.21 16.05 
Ifowieene 3. NON aesie ANG) PRO) Da, 
HiShest 22 nOse2 elo eo Oromo mae 
CoarseAggregate lei calines Re Perec man 
n eae naa Mean 0.05 0.10 0.25 0.50 O. 75 0. 9 10 0.95 
30 84 972.9 842.0 852.1 932.0 968.0 1029.4 1076.5 1104.0 5) 
lowest: ) S01 ON 301s S01 Ae Soi ote 5 
highest: 1124.4 1125.0 1130.0 1134.3 1145.0 
FineAggregate Vil eh aredleaetlh alive ame ae ee 
_n missin ce Mean 0.05 0.10 0.25 .50 0.75 .90 0.95 
1030 302 773.6 613.0 664.1 730.9 779.5 824.0 880.8 898.1 
lowest ; Baay 6057.0 1620 861270) 61320 
highest: 925.7 942.0 943.1 945.0 992.6 
Age 
n nies Se Mem 0.05 0.10 0.25 0.50 0.75 0.90 0.95 
1,030 1665) 3 830 6) 28556. LOO eo) 
3 7 14 28 56 90 91 100 120 180 270 360 365 
Frequency D 134 126 62 425 91 54 22 52 3 26 13 #6 14 
ie ORS A Gn Oe Saae2 5 0) 3 ik il 1 
CompressiveStrength condita sti asses 
on eee ar be Mean 0.05 0.25 0.50 0.75 0.90 0.95 
1,030 45 35.82 10.96 1 23.71 34.45 46.14.58.82 66.80 NH oS bo 
lowest : 2. 
OF 3) 3.32 Sal br Va highest: 79.40 3 
40 79.99 80.20 81.7 

10.1 Model Building Strategy 229 
150 200 250 
800 900 1000 1100 
BlastFurnaceSlag 
@ 
0 100 200 300 100 200 300 400 500 
Feature 
Fig. 10.1: Scatter plots of the concrete predictors versus the compressive 
strength 
10.1 Model Building Strategy 
The neural network models used in Yeh (1998) were single-layer networks 
with eight hidden units. Multiple data splitting approaches were used by the 
original author. Four models were fit with different training sets such that all 
the data from a single source were held out each time. These models resulted 
in test set R? values ranging from 0.814 to 0.895. They also used a random 
sample of 25% of the data for holdout test sets. This was repeated four times 
to produce test set R? values between 0.908 and 0.922. 
Although an apples-to-apples comparison cannot be made with the anal- 
yses of Yeh (1998), a similar data splitting approach will be taken for this 
case study. A random holdout set of 25% (nm = 247) will be used as a test set 
and five repeats of 10-fold cross-validation will be used to tune the various 
models. 
In this case study, a series of models will be created and evaluated. Once 
a final model is selected, the model will be used to predict mixtures with 
optimal compressive strength within practical limitations. 

230 10 Case Study: Compressive Strength of Concrete Mixtures 
How should the predictors be used to model the outcome? Yeh (1998) 
discusses traditional approaches, such as relying on the water-to-cement 
ratio, but suggests that the existing experimental data are not consistent 
with historical strategies. In this chapter, the predictors will enter the mod- 
els as the proportion of the total amount. Because of this, there is a built-in 
dependency in the predictor values (any predictor can be automatically de- 
termined by knowing the values of the other seven). Despite this, the pairwise 
correlations are not large, and, therefore, we would not expect methods that 
are designed to deal with collinearity (e.g., PLS, ridge regression) to have 
performance that is superior to other models. 
A suite of models were tested: 
e Linear regression, partial least squares, and the elastic net. Each model 
used an expanded set of predictors that included all two-factor interactions 
(e.g., age X water) and quadratic terms. 
Radial basis function support vector machines (SVMs). 
Neural network models. 
MARS models. 
Regression trees (both CART and conditional inference trees), model trees 
(with and without rules), and Cubist (with and without committees and 
neighbor-based adjustments). 
e Bagged and boosted regression trees, along with random forest models. 
The details of how the models were tuned are given in the Computing section 
at the end of the chapter. 
10.2 Model Performance 
The same cross-validation folds were used for each model. Figure 10.2 shows 
parallel-coordinate plots for the resampling results across the models. Each 
line corresponds to a common cross-validation holdout. From this, the top 
performing models were tree ensembles (random forest and boosting), rule 
ensembles (Cubist), and neural networks. Linear models and simple trees did 
not perform well. Bagged trees, SVMs, and MARS showed modest results but 
are clearly worse than the top cluster of models. The averaged R? statistics 
ranged from 0.76 to 0.92 across the models. The top three models (as ranked 
by resampling) were applied to the test set. The RMSE values are roughly 
consistent with the cross-validation rankings: 3.9 (boosted tree), 4.2 (neural 
networks), and 4.5 (cubist). . 
Figure 10.3 shows plots of the raw data, predictions, and residuals for the 
three models. The plots for each model are fairly similar; each shows good 
concordance between the observed and predicted values with a slight “fanning 
out” at the high end of compressive strength. The majority of the residuals 

10.2 Model Performance 231 
Cond Inf Tree 
BES 
Elastic Net 
Bagged Tree 
MARS 
SVM 
Random Forest 
Cubist 
Boosted Tree 
Neural Networks 
Neural Networks 
Boosted Tree 
Cubist 
Random Forest 
SVM 
MARS 
Bagged Tree 
Elastic Net 
Cond Inf Tree 
PLS 
Linear Reg 
CART 
0.65 OR 0.75 0.8 0.85 0.9 0.95 
R2 
Fig. 10.2: Parallel coordinate plots for the cross-validated RMSE and R? 
across different models. Each line represents the results for a common cross- 
validation holdout set 
are within +2.8 MPa with the largest errors slightly more than 15 MPa. 
There is no clear winner or loser in the models based on these plots. 
The neural network model used 27 hidden units with a weight decay value 
of 0.1. The performance profile for this model (not shown, but can be re- 
produced using syntax provided in the Computing section below) showed 
that weight decay had very little impact on the effectiveness of the model. 
The final Cubist model used 100 committees and adjusted the predic- 
tions with 3-nearest neighbors. Similar to the Cubist profiles shown for the 

232 10 Case Study: Compressive Strength of Concrete Mixtures 
a 
15 
10 
as = 
S 3 a 3 2 a 0 a fed) 
O c 4 
-10 
= hey 
Predicted Predicted 
b 
8 E S 53 a oO 
O ao 
Cc 
8 8g a = a oO 
oO jam 
T 
20 40 60 80 20 40 60 80 
Predicted Predicted 
Fig. 10.3: Diagnostic plots of the test set results for three models. (a) Neural 
network (b) Boosted trees (c) Cubist 

10.3 Optimizing Compressive Strength 233 
computational chemistry data (see the figure on page 211), performance 
suffered when the number of neighbors was either too low or too high. The 
boosted tree preferred a fast learning rate and deep trees. 
10.3 Optimizing Compressive Strength 
The neural network and Cubist models were used to determine possible 
mixtures with improved compressive strength. To do this, a numerical search 
routine can be used to find formulations with high compressive strength (as 
predicted by the model). Once a candidate set of mixtures is found, addi- 
tional experiments would then be executed for the mixtures to verify that 
the strength has indeed improved. For illustrative purposes, the age of the 
formulation was fixed to a value of 28 days (there are a large number of data 
points in the training set with this value) and only the mixture ingredients 
will be optimized. 
How, exactly, should the search be conducted? There are numerous numer- 
ical optimization routines that can search seven-dimensional space. Many rely 
on determining the gradient (i.e., first derivative) of the prediction equation. 
Several of the models have smooth prediction equations (e.g., neural net- 
works and SVMs). However, others have many discontinuities (such as tree- 
and rule-based models and multivariate adaptive regression splines) that are 
not conducive to gradient-based search methods. 
An alternative is to use a class of optimizers called direct methods that 
would not use derivatives to find the settings with optimal compressive 
strength and evaluate the prediction equation many more times than derivative- 
based optimizers. Two such search procedures are the Nelder-Mead simplex 
method (Nelder and Mead 1965; Olsson and Nelson 1975) and simulated 
annealing (Bohachevsky et al. 1986). Of these, the simplex search procedure 
had the best results for these data.? The Nelder-Mead method has the poten- 
tial to get “stuck” in a sub-optimal region of the search space, which would 
generate poor mixtures. To counter-act this issue, it is common to repeat 
the search using different starting points and choosing the searches that are 
associated with the best results. To do this, 15-28-day-old mixtures were se- 
lected from the training set. The first of the 15 was selected at random and 
the remaining starting points were selected using the maximum dissimilarity 
sampling procedure discussed in Sect. 4.3. 
Before beginning the search, constraints were used to avoid searching parts 
of the formulation space that were impractical or impossible. For example, 
the amount of water ranged from 5.1% to 11.2%. The search procedure was y 
set to only consider mixtures with at least 5% water. 
2 The reader can also try simulated annealing using the code at the end of the chapter. 

234 10 Case Study: Compressive Strength of Concrete Mixtures 
Table 10.2: The top three optimal mixtures predicted from two models where 
the age was fixed at a value of 28. In the training set, matching on age, the 
strongest mixtures had compressive strengths of 81.75, 79.99, and 78.8 
Model Cement Slag Ash Plast. C. Agg. F. Agg. Water Prediction 
Cubist 
New mix 1 12:57 14:9 6:8 1.5 34.0 DEES 5.4 89.1 
New mix 2 2 se ant OOo Soot 29.0) = DB 88.4 
New mix 3 PAGS Oe 2.0 35.8 2 6.0 88.2 
Neural network 
New mix 4 O44 129 (02 Urs Sal viel 5.1 88.7 
New mix 5 7H ie a a a a 32.4 21.8. O06 85.7 
New mix 6 Ans AO Giy alla 20.3 2050 — O.1 83.9 
In the training set, there were 416 formulations that were tested at 28 days. 
Of these, the top three mixtures had compressive strengths of 81.75, 79.99, 
and 78.8. Table 10.2 shows the top three predicted mixtures for a smooth and 
non-smooth model (neural networks and Cubist, respectively). The models 
are able to find formulations that are predicted to have better strength than 
those seen in the data. 
The Cubist mixtures were predicted to have similar compressive strengths. 
Their formulations were differentiated by the cement, slag, ash, and plasticizer 
components. The neural network mixtures were in a nearby region of mix- 
ture space and had predicted values that were lower than the Cubist model 
predictions but larger than the best-observed mixtures. In each of the six 
cases, the mixtures have very low proportions of water. Principal component 
analysis was used to represent the training set mixture (in seven-dimensional 
space) using two components. A PCA plot of the 28-day data is shown in 
Fig. 10.4. The principal component values for the 15 mixtures used as start- 
ing points for the search procedure are shown (as x symbols) as are the 
other 401 time-matched data points in the training set (shown as small grey 
dots). The top three predictions from the two models are also shown. Many 
of the predicted mixtures are near the outskirts of the mixture space and are 
likely to suffer some model inaccuracy due to extrapolation. Given this, it 
is extremely important to validate these new formulations scientifically and 
experimentally. 
More complex approaches to finding optimal mixtures can also be used. 
For example, it may be important to incorporate the cost of the mixture (or 
other factors) into the search. Such a multivariate or multiparameter optimiza- 
tion can be executed a number of ways. One simple approach is desirability 
functions (Derringer and Suich 1980; Costa et al. 2011). Here, the impor- 

10.3 Optimizing Compressive Strength 235 
Training Set e Cubist a 
Starting Values xX Neural Network A 
-4 2 0 2 
PC1 
Fig. 10.4: A PCA plot of the training set data where the mixtures were aged 
28 days. The search algorithm was executed across 15 different training set 
mixtures (shown as x in the plot). The top three optimal mixtures predicted 
from two models are also shown 
tant characteristics of a mixture (e.g., strength and cost) are mapped to a 
common desirability scale between 0 and 1, where one is most desirable and 
zero is completely undesirable. For example, mixtures above a certain cost 
may be unacceptable. Mixtures associated with costs at or above this value 
would have zero desirability (literally). As the cost decreases the relationship 
between cost and desirability might be specified to be linearly decreasing. 
Figure 10.5 shows two hypothetical examples of desirability function for cost 
and strength. Here, formulations with costs greater than 20 and strength less 
than 70 are considered completely unacceptable. Once desirability functions 
are created by the user for every characteristic to be optimized, the overall 
desirability is combined, usually using a geometric mean. Note that, since the 
geometric mean multiplies values, if any one desirability function has a score 
of 0, all other characteristics would be considered irrelevant (since the over- 
all value is also 0). The overall desirability would be optimized by a search 
procedure to find a solution that takes all the characteristics into account. 
Wager et al. (2010) and Cruz-Monteagudo et al. (2011) show examples of this 
approach. 

236 10 Case Study: Compressive Strength of Concrete Mixtures 
1.0 1.0 
© 0.8 @ 0.8 5 
: ee 2 oe 208 
® 044 ® 0.4- 
& o | a2 4 Q 0.2 
0.0 0.0 4 
OP See OM S20 2530 0 20 40 60 80 100 
Mixture Cost Compressive Strength 
Fig. 10.5: Examples of individual desirability functions for mixture cost and 
compression strength. The geometric mean of these scores can be optimized 
for the purpose of finding strong, low-cost mixtures 
10.4 Computing 
This section uses functions from the caret, desirability, Hmisc, and plyr 
packages. 
The concrete data can be found in the UCI Machine Learning repository. 
The AppliedPredictiveModeling package contains the original data 
(in amounts) and an alternate version that has the mixture proportions: 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(concrete) 
> str(concrete) 
‘data.frame': 1030 obs. of 9 variables: 
$ Cement >: num 540 540 332 332 199 ... 
$ BlastFurnaceSlag {mum 0) 0.142 142 1327... 
$ FlyAsh num 01070 10"0:0)0)10 00) 
$ Water > mum 162 162 228 228 192 228 228 228 228 228 ... 
$ Superplasticizer imum! 625.0025) ORONORONO FONG! Orns. 
$ CoarseAggregate > num 1040 1055 932 932 978 ... 
$ FineAggregate : mum 676 676 594 594 826 ... 
$ Age > int 28 28 270 365 360 90 365 28 28 28 ... 
$ CompressiveStrength: num 80 61.9 40.3 41 44.3 ... 
> str(mixtures) 
‘data.frame': 1030 obs. of 9 variables: 
$ Cement > mum 0.2231 0.2217 0.1492 0.1492 0.0853 ... 
$ BlastFurnaceSlag : num 0 0 0.0639 0.0639 0.0569 ... 
$ FlyAsh sum O70 OT ONOONONOr ON. 
$ Water : num 0.0669 0.0665 0.1023 0.1023 0.0825 ... 
$ Superplasticizer : num 0.00103 0.00103 000... 
$ CoarseAggregate : num 0.43 0.433 0.418 0.418 :°0.42 ... 

10.4 Computing DBM 
$ FineAggregate 7 num s O27 90227808 266.0. 2660355 en. 
$ Age : int 28 28 270 365 360 90 365 28 28 28 ... 
$ CompressiveStrength: num “80 61.9 40.3 41 44.3 ... 
Table 10.1 was created using the describe function in the Hmisc package, 
and Fig. 10.1 was create using the featurePlot function in caret: 
> featurePlot(x = concrete[, -9], 
. y = concrete$CompressiveStrength, 
=f ## Add some space between the panels 
+ between = list(x = 1, y = 1), 
+ ## Add a background grid ('g') and a smoother ('smooth') 
= type = cle "pil "smooth)) 
The code for averaging the replicated mixtures and splitting the data into 
training and test sets is 
> averaged <- ddply(mixtures, 
. (Cement, BlastFurnaceSlag, FlyAsh, Water, 
Superplasticizer, CoarseAggregate, 
FineAggregate, Age), 
function(x) c(CompressiveStrength = 
mean (x$CompressiveStrength) )) 
set.seed(975) 
forTraining <- createDataPartition(averaged$CompressiveStrength, 
p = 3/4 [f1]] 
trainingSet <- averaged[ forTraining, ] 
testSet <- averaged[-forTraining, ] VINO cts \igneete se tomete ete ets 
To fit the linear models with the expanded set of predictors, such as inter- 
actions, a specific model formula was created. The dot in the formula below 
is shorthand for all predictors and (.)*2 expands into a model with all the 
linear terms and all two-factor interactions. The quadratic terms are created 
manually and are encapsulated inside the 1() function. This “as-is” function 
tells R that the squaring of the predictors should be done arithmetically (and 
not symbolically). 
The formula is first created as a character string using the paste command, 
then is converted to a bona fide R formula. 
> modFormula <- paste("CompressiveStrength ~ (.)°2 + I(Cement“2) + ", 
+ "T(BlastFurnaceSlag°2) + I(FlyAsh°2) + I(Water~2) +", 
+ " [(Superplasticizer”2) + I(CoarseAggregate"2) + " 
+ "T(FineAggregate°2) + I(Age~2)") 
> modFormula <- as.formula(modFormula) 
Each model used repeated 10-fold cross-validation and is specified with 
the trainControl function: 
> controlObject <- trainControl(method = "repeatedcv", 
+ FEpCahs = <5, 
zh number = 10) 

238 10 Case Study: Compressive Strength of Concrete Mixtures 
To create the exact same folds, the random number generator is reset to a 
common seed prior to running train. For example, to fit the linear regression 
model: 
> set.seed (669) 
> linearReg <- train(modFormula, 
7 data = trainingSet, 
method = "Im", 
trControl = control0bject) 
vit + linearReg 
745 samples 
44 predictors 
No pre-processing 
Resampling: Cross-Validation (10-fold, repeated 5 times) 
Summary of sample sizes: 671, 671, 672, 670, 669, 669, 
Resampling results 
RMSE Rsquared RMSE SD Rsquared SD 
(285s Orn(tel 0.647 0.0398 
The output shows that 44 predictors were used, indicating the expanded 
model formula was used. 
The other two linear models were created with: 
> set.seed (669) 
> plsModel <- train(modForm, data = trainingSet, 
+ method = "pis", 
+ preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
+ tuneLength = 15, 
cs trControl = control0bject) 
> enetGrid <- expand.grid(.lambda = c(0, .001, .01, .1), . 
~ . fraction = seq(0.05, 1, length = 20)) 
Vv set.seed (669) 
> enetModel <- train(modForm, data = trainingSet, 
+ method = "enet", 
preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
tuneGrid = enetGrid, 
trControl = control0bject) + + + 
MARS, neural networks, and SVMs were created as follows: 
> set.seed (669) 
> earthModel <- train(CompressiveStrength ~ ., data = trainingSet, 
+ method = "earth", 
t tuneGrid = expand.grid(.degree = 1, 
+ -nprune = 2:25), 
+ trControl = control0bject) 
> set.seed (669) 
> svmRModel <- train(CompressiveStrength ~ ., data = trainingSet, 
+ method = "svmRadial", 
+ tuneLength = 15, 
7 preProc = c("center", "scale"), 

10.4 Computing 239 
trControl = control0bject) 
mnetGrid <- expand.grid(.decay = c(0.001, .01, .1), 
.size = seq(1, 27, by = 2), 
.bag = FALSE) 
set.seed (669) 
nnetModel <- train(CompressiveStrength ~ ., 
data = trainingSet, 
method = "avNNet", 
tuneGrid = nnetGrid, 
preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
linout = TRUE, 
trace = FALSE, 
maxit = 1000, 
trControl = control0bject) + +eee Hee eV VE EY ES 
The regression and model trees were similarly created: 
set.seed (669) 
rpartModel <- train(CompressiveStrength ~ ., 
data = trainingSet, 
method = "rpart", 
tuneLength = 30, 
trControl = controlObject) +++ 4+ VV 
set. seed (669) 
ctreeModel <- train(CompressiveStrength ~ ., 
data = trainingSet, 
method = "ctree", 
tuneLength = 10, 
trControl = control0bject) ++ ttvye 
> set.seed (669) 
> mtModel <- train(CompressiveStrength ~ ., 
F data = trainingSet, 
+ method = "M5", 
+ trControl = control0bject) 
The following code creates the remaining model objects: 
> set.seed (669) 
> treebagModel <- train(CompressiveStrength ~ ., 
+ data = trainingSet, 
+ method = "treebag", 
+ trControl = control0bject) 
> set.seed (669) 
> rfModel <- train(CompressiveStrength ~ ., 
+ data = trainingSet, 
+ method = "rf", 
+ tuneLength = 10, 
= ntrees = 1000, 
of importance = TRUE, 
+ trControl = control0bject) 
> gbmGrid <- expand.grid(.interaction.depth = seq(1, 7, by = 2), 
+ .n.trees = seq(100, 1000, by = 50), 

240 10 Case Study: Compressive Strength of Concrete Mixtures 
.shrinkage = c(0.01, 0.1)) 
set.seed (669) 
gbmModel <- train(CompressiveStrength ~ ., 
data = trainingSet, 
method = "gbm", 
tuneGrid = gbmGrid, 
verbose = FALSE, 
trControl = control0bject) 
cubistGrid <- expand.grid(.committees = c(1, 5, 10, 50, 75, 100), 
sMetchbomsa—sC(O=415635 005 7, 9.) 
set.seed (669) 
cbModel <- train(CompressiveStrength ~ ., 
data = trainingSet, 
method = "cubist", 
tuneGrid = cubistGrid, 
trControl = control0bject) oe WY OW OY Se a 
The resampling results for these models were collected into a single object 
using caret’s resamples function. This object can then be used for visualiza- 
tions or to make formal comparisons between the models. 
> allResamples <- resamples(list("Linear Reg" = 1mModel, 
+ "PLS" = plsModel, 
+ "Elastic Net" = enetModel, 
+ MARS = earthModel, 
of SVM = svmRModel, 
+ "Neural Networks" = nnetModel, 
“ CART = rpartModel, 
+ "Cond Inf Tree" = ctreeModel, 
+ "Bagged Tree" = treebagModel, 
+ "Boosted Tree" = gbmModel, 
+ "Random Forest" = rfModel, 
+ Cubist = cbModel)) 
Figure 10.2 was created from this object as 
> ## Plot the RMSE values 
> parallelPlot (allResamples) 
> ## Using R-squared: 
> parallelplot(allResamples, metric = "Rsquared") 
Other visualizations of the resampling results can also be created (see 
?xyplot.resamples for other options). 
The test set predictions are achieved using a simple application of the 
predict function: 
> nnetPredictions <- predict(nnetModel, testData) 
> gbmPredictions <- predict(gbmModel, testData) 
> cbPredictions <- predict(cbModel, testData) 
To predict optimal mixtures, we first use the 28-day data to generate a set 
of random starting points from the training set. 
Since distances between the formulations will be used as a measure of 
dissimilarity, the data are pre-processed to have the same mean and variance 

10.4 Computing 241 
for each predictor. After this, a single random mixture is selected to initialize 
the maximum dissimilarity sampling process: 
> age28Data <- subset (trainingData, Age == 28) 
> ## Remove the age and compressive strength columns and 
> ## then center and scale the predictor columns 
> ppl <- preProcess(age28Data[, -(8:9)], c("center", "scale")) 
> scaledTrain <- predict(pp1, age28Data[, 1:7]) 
> set.seed(91) 
> startMixture <- sample(1:nrow(age28Data), 1) 
> starters <- scaledTrain[startMixture, 1:7] 
After this, the maximum dissimilarity sampling method from Sect. 4.3 selects 
14 more mixtures to complete a diverse set of starting points for the search 
algorithms: 
> pool <- scaledTrain 
> index <- maxDissim(starters, pool, 14) 
> startPoints <- c(startMixture, index) 
> starters <- age28Data[startPoints,1:7] 
Since all seven mixture proportions should add to one, the search procedures 
will conduct the search without one ingredient (water), and the water propor- 
tion will be determined by the sum of the other six ingredient proportions. 
Without this step, the search procedures would pick candidate mixture values 
that would not add to one. 
> ## Remove water 
> startingValues <- starters[, -4] 
To maximize the compressive strength, the R function optim searches the 
mixture space for optimal formulations. A custom R function is needed to 
translate a candidate mixture to a prediction. This function can find settings 
to minimize a function, so it will return-the negative of the compressive 
strength. The function below checks to make sure that (a) the proportions 
are between 0 and 1 and (b) the proportion of water does not fall below 5%. 
If these conditions are violated, the function returns a large positive number 
which the search procedure will avoid (as optim is for minimization). 
> ## The inputs to the function are a vector of six mixture proportions 
> ## (in argument 'x') and the model used for prediction ('mod') 
> modelPrediction <- function(x, mod) 
sae 9 
le ## Check to make sure the mixture proportions are 
+  ## in the correct range 
7 teal <0!) xii) SJ) eretunn( 10633) 
= tell ON) 2 bh) return (Css) 
HD ictal) sels] S 1) metumn Cl0 +38) 
+ if(x[4] <0 | x[4] > 1) return(10°38) 
+ af@lbl <0 | xls] > 1) return(10 33) 
+ if(x[6] <0 | x[6] > 1) return(10°38) 
op 
+ ## Determine the water proportion 

242 10 Case Study: Compressive Strength of Concrete Mixtures 
x <- c(x, 1 - sum(x)) " 
## Check the water range 
if(x[7] < 0.05) return(10°38) 
## Convert the vector to a data frame, assign names 
## and fix age at 28 days 
tmp <- as.data.frame(t(x)) 
names(tmp) <- c('Cement','BlastFurnaceSlag','FlyAsh', 
'Superplasticizer','CoarseAggregate', 
'FineAggregate', 'Water') 
tmp$Age <- 28 
## Get the model prediction, square them to get back to the 
## original units, then return the negative of the result 
-predict(mod, tmp) 
} oe ee 
First, the Cubist model is used: 
cbResults <- startingValues 
cbResults$Water <- NA 
cbResults$Prediction <- NA 
## Loop over each starting point and conduct the search 
for(i in 1:nrow(cbResults)) 
1 
results <- optim(unlist(cbResults[i,1:6]), 
modelPrediction, 
method = "Nelder-Mead", 
## Use method = 'SANN' for simulated annealing 
control=list (maxit=5000) , 
## The next option is passed to the 
## modelPrediction() function 
mod = cbModel) 
## Save the predicted compressive strength 
cbResults$Prediction[i] <- -results$¢value 
## Also save the final mixture values 
cbResults[i,1:6] <- results$par 
} 
## Calculate the water proportion 
cbResults$Water <- 1 - apply(cbResults[,1:6], 1, sum) 
## Keep the top three mixtures 
cbResults <- cbResults/[order(-cbResults$Prediction) ,][1:3,] 
cbResults$Model <- "Cubist" VVVVV E+E tet HEHEHE HEHE HtEHtEVVVVY 
We then employ the same process for the neural network model: 
> nnetResults <- startingValues 
> nnetResults$Water <- NA 
> nnetResults$Prediction <- NA 
> for(i in 1:nrow(nnetResults)) 
wee ah 
+ results <- optim(unlist(nnetResults[i, 1:6,]), 
+ modelPrediction, 
+ method = "Nelder-Mead", 
+ control=list (maxit=5000) , 

10.4 Computing 243 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
> 
> 
> mod = nnetModel) 
nnetResults$Prediction[i] <- -results$value 
nnetResults[i,1:6] <- résults$par 
i 
nnetResults$Water <- 1 - apply(nnetResults[,1:6], 1, sum) 
nnetResults <- nnetResults [order (-nnetResults$Prediction) ,][1:3,] 
nnetResults$Model <- "NNet" 
To create Fig. 10.4, PCA was conducted on the 28-day-old mixtures and 
the six predicted mixtures were projected. The components are combined and 
plotted: 
> ## Run PCA on the data at 28\,days 
> pp2 <- preProcess(age28Datal[, 1:7], "pca") 
> ## Get the components for these mixtures 
> peal <- predict(pp2, age28Data[, 1:7]) 
> peal$Data <- "Training Set" 
> ## Label which data points were used to start the searches 
> pceal$Data[startPoints] <- "Starting Values" 
Sesh VINE NENTS NSN RINNE NE: 
+t Vv ## Project the new mixtures in the same way (making sure to 
## re-order the columns to match the order of the age28Data object). 
pcea3 <- predict(pp2, cbResults[, names(age28Datal[, 1:7])]) 
pea3$Data <- "Cubist" 
pea4 <- predict(pp2, nnetResults[, names(age28Data[, 1:7])]) 
pcea4$Data <- "Neural Network" 
## Combine the data, determine the axis ranges and plot 
pcaData <- rbind(pcal, pca3, pca4) 
pcaData$Data <- factor(pcaData$Data, 
levels = c("Training Set","Starting Values", 
"Cubist", "Neural Network")) 
lim <- extendrange(pcaDatal[, 1:2]) ; 
xyplot(PC2 ~ PC1, data = pcaData, groups = Data, 
auto.key = list(columns = 2), 
xlim = lim, ylim = lin, 
type NOU eAUs om) 
Desirability functions can be calculated with the desirability package. The 
functions dMin and dMax can be used to create desirability function curve 
definitions for minimization and maximization, respectively. 

PEh.21tt 6 aa <_pinau>2 ©8599 “=> 9 
As TT @GoG@ang ©} -_ 
A ar 4 042 aE.O62 Gr a) <o, -y- 4 | —_— © 2 Sipe @ — <4 = ee 
ee ay” a= & i 7 
9* a7 ian AD Or) 6 » ‘=e fee 
as — a 
= 
. 
= may" 
=> & quai eS t 
7 TT oF 

Part III 
‘ Classification Models 

ss 
hy a 

Chapter 11 
Measuring Performance in Classification 
Models 
In the previous part of this book we focused on building and evaluating 
models for a continuous response. We now turn our focus to building and 
evaluating models for a categorical response. Although many of the regression 
modeling techniques can also be used for classification, the way we evaluate 
model performance is necessarily very different since metrics like RMSE and 
R? are not appropriate in the context of classification. We begin this part 
of the book by discussing metrics for evaluating classification model perfor- 
mance. In the first section of this chapter we take an in-depth look at the 
different aspects of classification model predictions and how these relate to 
the question of interest. The two subsequent sections explore strategies for 
evaluating classification models using statistics and visualizations. 
11.1 Class Predictions 
Classification models usually generate two types of predictions. Like regres- 
sion models, classification models produce a continuous valued prediction, 
which is usually in the form of a probability (i.e., the predicted values of 
class membership for any individual sample are between 0 and 1 and sum 
to 1). In addition to a continuous prediction, classification models generate 
a predicted class, which comes in the form of a discrete category. For most 
practical applications, a discrete category prediction is required in order to 
make a decision. Automated spam filtering, for example, requires a definitive 
judgement for each e-mail. 
Although classification models produce both of these types of predictions, 
often the focus is on the discrete prediction rather than the continuous predic- 
tion. However, the probability estimates for each class can be very useful for 
gauging the model’s confidence about the predicted classification. Returning 
to the spam e-mail filter example, an e-mail message with a predicted prob- 
ability of being spam of 0.51 would be classified the same as a message with 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 247 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_11, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

248 11 Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
a predicted probability of being spam of 0.99. While both messages would be 
treated the same by the filter, we would have more confidence that the sec- 
ond message was, in fact, truly spam. As a second example, consider building 
a model to classify molecules by their in-vivo safety status (i.e., non-toxic, 
weakly toxic, and strongly toxic; e.g., Piersma et al. 2004). A molecule with 
predicted probabilities in each respective toxicity category of 0.34, 0.33, and 
0.33, would be classified the same as a molecule with respective predicted 
probabilities of 0.98, 0.01, and 0.01. However in this case, we are much more 
confident that the second molecule is non-toxic as compared to the first. 
In some applications, the desired outcome is the predicted class proba- 
bilities which are then used as inputs for other calculations. Consider an 
insurance company that wants to uncover and prosecute fraudulent claims. 
Using historical claims data, a classification model could be built to predict 
the probability of claim fraud. This probability would then be combined with 
the company’s investigation costs and potential monetary loss to determine 
if pursuing the investigation is in the best financial interest of the insurance 
company. As another example of classification probabilities as inputs to a sub- 
sequent model, consider the customer lifetime value (CLV) calculation which 
is defined as the amount of profit associated with a customer over a period 
of time (Gupta et al. 2006). To estimate the CLV, several quantities are re- 
quired, including the amount paid by a consumer over a given time frame, 
the cost of servicing the consumer, and the probability that the consumer 
will make a purchase in the time frame. 
As mentioned above, most classification models generate predicted class 
probabilities. However, when some models are used for classification, like neu- 
ral networks and partial least squares, they produce continuous predictions 
that do not follow the definition of a probability-the predicted values are not 
necessarily between 0 and 1 and do not sum to 1. For example, a partial least 
squares Classification model (described in more detail in Sect. 12.4) would 
create 0/1 dummy variables for each class and simultaneously model these 
values as a function of the predictors. When samples are predicted, the model 
predictions are not guaranteed to be within O and 1. For classification mod- 
els like these, a transformation must be used to coerce the predictions into 
“probability-like” values so that they can be interpreted and used for classifi- 
cation. One such method is the softmax transformation (Bridle 1990) which 
is defined as ; 
ev 
Be eu 
where je is the numeric model prediction for the ¢‘” class and pp is the 
transformed value between 0 and 1. Suppose that an outcome has three classes 
and that a PLS model predicts values of y = 0.25, ya = 0.76, and g3 =-0.1. 
The softmax function would transform these values to pj = 0.30, p} = 0.49, 
and p; = 0.21. To be clear, no probability statement is being created by 
this transformation; it merely ensures that the predictions have the same 
mathematical qualities as probabilities. ne 

11.1 Class Predictions 249 
Well-Calibrated Probabilities 
Whether a classification model is used to predict spam e-mail, a molecule’s 
toxicity status, or as inputs to insurance fraud or customer lifetime value 
calculations, we desire that the estimated class probabilities are reflective of 
the true underlying probability of the sample. That is, the predicted class 
probability (or probability-like value) needs to be well-calibrated. To be well- 
calibrated, the probabilities must effectively reflect the true likelihood of the 
event of interest. Returning to the spam filter illustration, if a model produces 
a probability or probability-like value of 20% for the likelihood of a particular 
e-mail to be spam, then this value would be well-calibrated if similar types 
of messages would truly be from that class on average in 1 of 5 samples. 
One way to assess the quality of the class probabilities is using a calibration 
plot. For a given set of data, this plot shows some measure of the observed 
probability of an event versus the predicted class probability. One approach 
for creating this visualization is to score a collection of samples with known 
outcomes (preferably a test set) using a classification model. The next step 
is to bin the data into groups based on their class probabilities. For example, 
a set of bins might be [0, 10%], (10%, 20%], ..., (90%, 100%]. For each 
bin, determine the observed event rate. Suppose that 50 samples fell into 
the bin for class probabilities less than 10% and there was a single event. 
The midpoint of the bin is 5% and the observed event rate would be 2%. 
The calibration plot would display the midpoint of the bin on the x-axis and 
the observed event rate on the y-axis. If the points fall along a 45° line, the 
model has produced well-calibrated probabilities. 
As an illustration, a data set was simulated in a way that the true event 
probabilities are known. For two classes (classes 1 and 2) and two predic- 
tors (A and B), the true probability (p) of the event is generated from the 
equation: 
log (4) Seta op? 2 
Figure 11.1 shows a simulated test set along with the a contour line for 
a p = 0.50 event probability. Two models were fit to the training set: 
quadratic discriminant analysis (QDA, Sect. 13.1) and a random forest model 
(Sect. 14.4). A test set of mn = 1000 samples was used to score the model and 
create the calibration plot also shown in Fig. 11.1. Both classification mod- 
els have similar accuracy for the test set (about 87.1% for either model). 
The calibration plot shows that the QDA class probabilities tend to perform 
poorly compared to the random forest model. For example, in the bin with 
class probabilities ranging from 20 to 30%, the observed percentage of events 
for QDA was 4.6 %, far lower than the percentage in the random forest model 
(35.4%). 
The class probabilities can be calibrated to more closely reflect the like- 
lihood of the event (or, at least the likelihood seen in the actual data). 

250 il Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
qda a rf e 
EE EEE — ee a! 
[o) 
Predictor B wv 
| iS 
Observed Event Percentage 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
Predictor A Bin Midpoint 
Fig. 11.1: Left: A simulated two-class data set with two predictors. The solid 
black line denotes the 50% probability contour. Right: A calibration plot 
of the test set probabilities for random forest and quadratic discriminant 
analysis models 
For example, Fig. 11.1 shows a sigmoidal pattern such that the QDA model 
under-predicts the event probability when the true likelihood is moderately 
high or low. An additional model could be created to adjust for this pattern. 
One equation that is consistent with this sigmoidal pattern is the logistic 
regression model (described in Sect. 12.2). The class predictions and true 
outcome values from the training set can be used to post-process the proba- 
bly estimates with the following formula (Platt 2000): 
1 
~ 1+exp(—o — 61p) a 
p (11.1) 
where the @ parameters are estimated by predicting the true classes as a 
function of the uncalibrated class probabilities (p). For the QDA model, this 
process resulted in estimates Bo = = —5.7 and B= = 11.7. Figure 11.2 shows the 
results for the test set samples using this correction method. The results show 
improved calibration with the test set data. Alternatively, an application of 
Bayes’ Rule (described model is Sect. 13.6) can be similarly applied to recal- 
ibrate the predictions. The Bayesian approach also improves the predictions 
(Fig. 11.2). Note that, after calibration, the samples must be reclassified to 
ensure consistency between the new probabilities and the predicted classes. 

11.1 Class Predictions 251 
100 QDA 
Bayesian Calibration 
Sigmoidal Calibration @ 80 
60 
40 4 
Observed Event Percentage 
0 20 _ 40 60 80 100 
Bin Midpoint 
Fig. 11.2: The original QDA class probabilities and recalibrated versions using 
two different methodologies 
Presenting Class Probabilities 
Visualizations of the class probabilities are an effective method of commu- 
nicating model results. For two classes, histograms of the predicted classes 
for each of the true outcomes illustrate the strengths and weaknesses of a 
model. In Chap. 4 we introduced the credit scoring example. Two classifi- 
cation models were created to predict the quality of a customer’s credit: a 
support vector machine (SVM) and logistic regression. Since the performance 
of the two models were roughly equivalent, the logistic regression model was 
favored due to its simplicity. The top panel of Fig. 11.6 shows histograms of 
the test set probabilities for the logistic regression model (the panels indicate 
the true credit status). The probability of bad credit for the customers with 
good credit shows a skewed distribution where most customers’ probabili- 
ties are quite low. In contrast, the probabilities for the customers with bad 
credit are flat (or uniformly distributed), reflecting the model’s inability to 
distinguish bad credit cases. 
This figure also presents a calibration plot for these data. The accuracy of 
the probability of bad credit degrades as it becomes larger to the point where 
no samples with bad credit were predicted with a probability above 82.7%. 
This pattern is indicative of a model that has both poor calibration and poor 
performance. 
When there are three or more classes, a heat map of the class probabilities 
can help gauge the confidence in the predictions. Figure 11.4 shows the test 
set results with eight classes (denotes A through I) and 48 samples. The 

252 all Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
OOF NOI2Z OA 0!63 0:8 -0 
True Outcome: Bad Credit | True Outcome: Good Credit _ 
40 4 
30 4 
= 
3 20 oO 
10 
; [itihthe| T T T wl 
00 02 04 06 08 1.0 
Probability of Bad Credit 
| : 
100 + 
Observed Event Percentage 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
Bin Midpoint 
Fig. 11.3: Top: Histograms for a set of probabilities associated with bad credit. 
The two panels split the customers by their true class. Bottom: A calibration 
plot for these probabilities 
true classes are shown in the rows (along with the sample identifiers) and the 
columns reflect the class probabilities. In some cases, such as Sample 20, there 
was a Clear signal associated with the predicted class (the class C probability 
was 78.5%), while in other cases, the situation is murky. Consider Sample 7. 
The four largest probabilities (and associated classes) were 19.6% (B), 19.3% 
(C), 17.7% (A), and 15% (E). While the model places the highest individual 
probability for this sample in the correct class, it is uncertain that it could 
also be of class C, A, or E. 

11.1 Class Predictions 253 
A (Sample01) 
A (Sample02) 
A (Sample03) 
A (Sample04) 4 
B (Sample05) — 
B (Sample06) 4 
B (Sample07) + 
B (Sample08) 
B (Sample09) | 
B (Sample10) 
B (Sample11) 4 
C (Sample12) 
C (Sample13) 
C (Sample14) 
C (Sample15) 
C (Sample16) 
C ( 
C ( Sample17) 
Sample18) 
C (Sample19) + 
C (Sample20) — 
C (Sample21) 4 
C (Sample22) + 
C (Sample23) — 
C (Sample24) 
C (Sample25) | 
C (Sample26) 
E (Sample27) 4 
E (Sample28) 4 
E (Sample29) = 
) E (Sample30 
E (Sample31) 
E (Sample32) 
E (Sample33) 
E (Sample34) 
E (Sample35) 
(Sample36) 
E (Sample37) 
E (Sample38) 
F (Sample39) 
F (Sample40) 
F (Sample41) — 
F (Sample42) 
G (Sample43) 
G (Sample44) 
) 
a 
) 
) (es ie ( 
( 
( 
H (Sample45) 4 
H (Sample46 
| (Sample47 
| (Sample48 
a A 
Class Probability 
Fig. 11.4: A heat map of a test set with eight classes. The true classes are 
shown in the row labels while columns quantify the probabilities for each 
category (labeled as A through I) 

254 11 Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
Table 11.1: The confusion matrix for the two-class problem (“events” and 
“nonevents.” The table cells indicate number of the true positives (7’P), false 
positives (FP), true negatives (TN), and false negatives (FN) 
Predicted Observed 
Event Nonevent 
Event IRIE: [EE 
Nonevent FN aN} 
Equivocal Zones 
An approach to improving classification performance is to create an equivocal 
or indeterminate zone where the class is not formally predicted when the 
confidence is not high. For a two-class problem that is nearly balanced in the 
response, the equivocal zone could be defined as 0.50 + z. If z were 0.10, then 
samples with prediction probabilities between 0.40 and 0.60 would be called 
“equivocal.” In this case, model performance would be calculated excluding 
the samples in the indeterminate zone. The equivocal rate should also be 
reported with the performance so that the rate of unpredicted results is well 
understood. For data sets with more than 2 classes (C’ > 2), similar thresholds 
can be applied where the largest class probability must be larger than (1/C)+ 
z to make a definitive prediction. For the data shown in Fig. 11.4, if (1/C) +z 
is set to 30%, then 5 samples would be designated as equivocal. 
11.2 Evaluating Predicted Classes 
A common method for describing the performance of a classification model 
is the confusion matriz. This is a simple cross-tabulation of the observed 
and predicted classes for the data. Table 11.1 shows an example when the 
outcome has two classes. Diagonal cells denote cases where the classes are 
correctly predicted while the off-diagonals illustrate the number of errors for 
each possible case. 
The simplest metric is the overall accuracy rate (or, for pessimists, the 
error rate). This reflects the agreement between the observed and predicted 
classes and has the most straightforward interpretation. However, there are a 
few disadvantages to using this statistic. First, overall accuracy counts make 
no distinction about the type of errors being made. In spam filtering, the cost 
of erroneous deleting an important email is likely to be higher than incorrectly 
allowing a spam email past a filter. In situations where the costs are different, 

11.2 Evaluating Predicted Classes 255 
accuracy may not measure the important model characteristics. Provost et al. 
(1998) provide a comprehensive discussion of this issue, which is examined 
further below. . 
Second, one must consider the natural frequencies of each class. For 
example, in the USA, pregnant women routinely have blood drawn for alpha- 
fetoprotein testing, which attempts to detect genetic problems such as Down 
syndrome. Suppose the rate of this disorder! in fetuses is approximately 1 in 
800 or about one-tenth of one percent. A predictive model can achieve almost 
perfect accuracy by predicting all samples to be negative for Down syndrome. 
What benchmark accuracy rate should be used to determine whether a 
model is performing adequately? The no-information rate is the accuracy 
rate that can be achieved without a model. There are various ways to define 
this rate. For a data set with C’ classes, the simplest definition, based on pure 
randomness, is 1/C’. However, this does not take into account the relative 
frequencies of the classes in the training set. For the Down syndrome exam- 
ple, if 1,000 random samples are collected from the population who would 
receive the test, the expected number of positive samples would be small 
(perhaps 1 or 2). A model that simply predicted all samples to be negative 
for Down syndrome would easily surpass the no-information rate based on 
random guessing (50%). An alternate definition of the no-information rate is 
the percentage of the largest class in the training set. Models with accuracy 
greater than this rate might be considered reasonable. The effect of severe 
class imbalances and some possible remedies are discussed in Chap. 16. 
Rather than calculate the overall accuracy and compare it to the no- 
information rate, other metrics can be used that take into account the class 
distributions of the training set samples. The Kappa statistic (also known as 
Cohen’s Kappa) was originally designed to assess the agreement between two 
raters (Cohen 1960). Kappa takes into account the accuracy that would be 
generated simply by chance. The form of the statistic is 
O-E Kappa = ——— PP ie 
where O is the observed accuracy and F is the expected accuracy based on 
the marginal totals of the confusion matrix. The statistic can take on val- 
ues between —1 and 1; a value of 0 means there is no agreement between 
the observed and predicted classes, while a value of 1 indicates perfect con- 
cordance of the model prediction and the observed classes. Negative values 
indicate that the prediction is in the opposite direction of the truth, but large 
negative values seldom occur, if ever, when working with predictive models.” 
1 In medical terminology, this rate is referred to as the prevalence of a disease while 
in Bayesian statistics it would be the prior distribution of the event. 
2 This is true since predictive models seek to find a concordant relationship with 
the truth. A large negative Kappa would imply that there is relationship between 
the predictors and the response and the predictive model would seek to find the 
relationship in the correct direction. 

256 11 Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
When the class distributions are equivalent, overall accuracy and Kappa are 
proportional. Depending on the context, Kappa values within 0.30 to 0.50 
indicate reasonable agreement. Suppose the accuracy for a model is high 
(90%) but the expected accuracy is also high (85%), the Kappa statistic 
would show moderate agreement (Kappa = 1/3) between the observed and 
predicted classes. 
The Kappa statistic can also be extended to evaluate concordance in prob- 
lems with more than two classes. When there is a natural ordering to the 
classes (e.g., “low,” “medium,” and “high”), an alternate form of the statistic 
called weighted Kappa can be used to enact more substantial penalties on er- 
rors that are further away from the true result. For example, a “low” sample 
erroneously predicted as “high” would reduce the Kappa statistic more than 
an error were “low” was predicted to be “medium.” See (Agresti 2002) for 
more details. 
Two-Class Problems 
Consider the case where there are two classes. Table 11.1 shows the confusion 
matrix for generic classes “event” and “nonevent.” The top row of the table 
corresponds to samples predicted to be events. Some are predicted correctly 
(the true positives, or TP) while others are inaccurately classified (false posi- 
tives or F'P). Similarly, the second row contains the predicted negatives with 
true negatives (TV) and false negatives (F'N ). 
For two classes, there are additional statistics that may be relevant when 
one class is interpreted as the event of interest (such as Down syndrome in 
the previous example). The sensitivity of the model is the rate that the event 
of interest is predicted correctly for all samples having the event, or 
# samples with the event and predicted to have the event Sensitivity = # samples having the event. 
The sensitivity is sometimes considered the true positive rate since it measures 
the accuracy in the event population. Conversely, the specificity is defined as 
the rate that nonevent samples are predicted as nonevents, or 
# samples without the event and predicted as nonevents Specificity = : 
# samples without the event 
The false-positive rate is defined as one minus the specificity. Assuming a 
fixed level of accuracy for the model, there is typically a trade-off to be made 
between the sensitivity and specificity. Intuitively, increasing the sensitivity 
of a model is likely to incur a loss of specificity, since more samples are being 
predicted as events. Potential trade-offs between sensitivity and specificity 
may be appropriate when there are different penalties associated with each 

11.2 Evaluating Predicted Classes 257 
Table 11.2: Test set confusion matrix for the logistic regression model training 
with the credit scoring data from Sect. 4.5 
Predicted Observed 
Bad Good 
Bad 24 10 
Good 30 1380 
type of error. In spam filtering, there is usually a focus on specificity; most 
people are willing to accept seeing some spam if emails from family members 
or coworkers are not deleted. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) 
curve is one technique for evaluating this trade-off and is discussed in the 
next section. 
In Chap. 4 we introduced the credit scoring example. Two classification 
models were created to predict the quality of a customer’s credit: a SVM and 
logistic regression. Since the performance of the two models were roughly 
equivalent, the logistic regression model was favored due to its simplicity. 
Using the previously chosen test set of 200 customers, Table 11.2 shows the 
confusion matrix associated with the logistic regression model. The overall 
accuracy was 77%, which is slightly better than the no-information rate of 
70%. The test set had a Kappa value of 0.375, which suggests moderate 
agreement. If we choose the event of interest to be a customer with bad 
credit, the sensitivity from this model would be estimated to be 40% and 
the specificity to be 92.9%. Clearly, the model has trouble predicting when 
customers have bad credit. This is likely due to the imbalance of the classes 
and a lack of a strong predictor for bad credit. 
Often, there is interest in having a single measure that reflects the false- 
positive and false-negative rates. Youden’s J Index (Youden 1950), which is 
J = Sensitivity + Specificity — 1 
measures the proportions of correctly predicted samples for both the event 
and nonevent groups. In some contexts, this may be an appropriate method 
for summarizing the magnitude of both types of errors. The most common 
method for combining sensitivity and specificity into a single value uses the 
receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, discussed below. 
One often overlooked aspect of sensitivity and specificity is that they are 
conditional measures. Sensitivity is the accuracy rate for only the event popu- 
lation (and specificity for the nonevents). Using the sensitivity and specificity, 
the obstetrician can make statements such as “assuming that the fetus does 
not have Down syndrome, the test has an accuracy of 95%.” However, these 
statements might not be helpful to a patient since, for new samples, all that 

258 11 Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
is known is the prediction. The person using the model prediction is typically 
interested in unconditional queries such as “what are the chances that the 
fetus has the genetic disorder?” This depends on three values: the sensitiv- 
ity and specificity of the diagnostic test and the prevalence of the event in 
the population. Intuitively, if the event is rare, this should be reflected in 
the answer. Taking the prevalence into account, the analog to sensitivity is 
the positive predicted value, and the analog to specificity is the negative pre- 
dicted value. These values make unconditional evaluations of the data.? The 
positive predicted value answers the question “what is the probability that 
this sample is an event?” The formulas are 
Sensitivity x Prevalence PPV = (Sensitivity x Prevalence) + ((1 — Specificity) x (1 — Prevalence)) 
NPV = Specificity x (1 — Prevalence) 
(Prevalence x (1 — Sensitivity)) + (Specificity x (1 — Prevalence)) 
Clearly, the predictive values are nontrivial combinations of performance 
and the rate of events. The top panel in Fig. 11.5 shows the effect of prevalence 
on the predictive values when the model has a specificity of 95% and a 
sensitivity of either 90% or 99%. Large negative predictive values can be 
achieved when the prevalence is low. However, as the event rate becomes high, 
the negative predictive value becomes very small. The opposite is true for the 
positive predictive values. This figure also shows that a sizable difference in 
sensitivity (90% versus 99 %) has little effect on the positive predictive values. 
The lower panel of Fig. 11.5 shows the positive predictive value as a func- 
tion of sensitivity and specificity when the event rate is balanced (50%). In 
this case, the positive predicted value would be 
Sensitivity p= ee 
Sensitivity x (1 — Specificity) TP+FP PPV = 
This figure also shows that the value of the sensitivity has a smaller effect 
than specificity. For example, if specificity is high, say >90%, a large positive 
predicted value can be achieved across a wide range of sensitivities. 
Predictive values are not often used to characterize the model. There are 
several reasons why, most of which are related to prevalence. First, prevalence 
is hard to quantify. Our experience is that very few people, even experts, are 
willing to propose an estimate of this quantity based on prior knowledge. 
Also, the prevalence is dynamic. For example, the rate of spam emails in- 
creases when new schemes are invented but later fall off to baseline levels. 
For medical diagnoses, the prevalence of diseases can vary greatly depend- 
° In relation to Bayesian statistics, the sensitivity and specificity are the conditional 
probabilities, the prevalence is the prior, and the positive/negative predicted values 
are the posterior probabilities. 

11.2 Evaluating Predicted Classes 259 
PPV (Sensitivity = 90%) ©——— 
PPV (Sensitivity =99%) - - - - 
NPV (Specificity =95%) «------ 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6 - 
0.4 
0.2 - 
=F) alg T 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
Prevalence 
Positive Predicted Value 
Specificity 
0.5 0.6 0.7 0.8 0.9 1.0 
Sensitivity 
Fig. 11.5: Top: The effect of prevalence on the positive and negative predictive 
values. The PPV was computed using a specificity of 95% and two values of 
sensitivity. The NPV was computed with 90% sensitivity and 95 % specificity. 
Bottom: For a fixed prevalence of 50%, positive predictive values are shown 
as a function of sensitivity and specificity 
ing on the geographic location (e.g., urban versus rural). For example, in a 
multicenter clinical trial of a diagnostic test for Neisseria gonorrhoeae, the 
prevalence within the patient population varied from 0% to 42.9% across 
nine clinical sites (Becton Dickinson and Company 1991). 

260 11 Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
Table 11.3: The confusion matrix and profit costs/benefits for the direct mail- 
ing example of Larose (2006) 
Predicted Observed Observed 
Response Nonresponse Response Nonresponse 
Response DP FP $26.40 —$2.00 
Nonresponse FN TN —$28.40 = 
Non-Accuracy-Based Criteria 
For many commercial applications of predictive models, accuracy is not the 
primary goal for the model. Often, the purpose of the model might be to: 
Predict investment opportunities that maximize return 
Inprove customer satisfaction by market segmentation 
Lower inventory costs by improving product demand forecasts or 
Reduce costs associated with fraudulent transactions 
While accuracy is important, it only describes how well the model predicts 
the data. If the model is fit for purpose, other more direct metrics of per- 
formance should be considered. These metrics quantify the consequences of 
correct and incorrect predictions (i.e., the benefits and costs). For example, 
in fraud detection, a model might be used to quantify the likelihood that a 
transaction is fraudulent. Suppose that fraud is the event of interest. Any 
model predictions of fraud (correct or not) have an associated cost for a more 
in-depth review of the case. For true positives, there is also a quantifiable 
benefit to catching bad transactions. Likewise, a false negative results in a 
loss of income. 
Consider the direct marketing application in Larose (2006, Chap. 7) where 
a clothing company is interested in offering promotions by mail to its cus- 
tomers. Using existing customer data on shopping habits, they wish to predict 
who would respond (i.e., the two classes and “responders” and “nonrespon- 
ders”). The 22 table of possible outcomes is shown in Table 11.3 where the 
type of decisions is presented on the left and the revenue or cost per deci- 
sion is on the right. For example, if the model were to accurately predict a 
responder, the average profit when the customer responds to the promotion 
is estimated to be $28.40. There is a small $2.00 cost for mailing the pro- 
motion, so the net profit of a correct decision is $26.40. If we inaccurately 
predict that a customer will respond (a false positive), the only loss is the 
cost of the promotion ($2.00). 

11.2 Evaluating Predicted Classes 261 
Table 11.4: Left: A hypothetical test confusion matrix for a predictive model 
with a sensitivity of 75% and a specificity of 94.4%. Right: The confusion 
matrix when a mass mailing is used for all customers 
Predicted Observed Observed 
Response Nonresponse Response Nonresponse 
Response 1,500 1,000 2,000 18,000 
Nonresponse — 500 17, 000 0 0 
If the model accurately predicts a nonresponse, there is no gain or loss since 
they would not have made a purchase and the mailer was not sent.* However, 
incorrectly predicting that a true responder would not respond means that 
a potential $28.40 was lost, so this is the cost of a false-negative. The total 
profit for a particular model is then 
profit = $26.40T P — $2.00F P — $28.40F.N (11.2) 
However, the prevalence of the classes should be taken into account. The 
response rate in direct marketing is often very low (Ling and Li 1998) so 
the expected profit for a given marketing application may be driven by the 
false-negative costs since this value is likely to be larger than the other two 
riaigal 6 eae Wl 
Table 11.4 shows hypothetical confusion matrices for 20,000 customers 
with a 10% response rate. The table on the left is the result of a predicted 
model with a sensitivity of 75% and a specificity of 94.4%. The total profit 
would be $23,400 or $1.17 per customer. Suppose another model had the same 
sensitivity but 100% specificity. In this case, the total profit would increase 
to $25,400, a marginal gain given a significant increase in model performance 
(mostly due to the low cost of mailing the promotion). 
The right side of Table 11.4 shows the results when a mass mailing for all 
the customers is used. This approach has perfect sensitivity and the worst 
possible specificity. Here, due to the low costs, the profit is $16,800 or $0.84 
per customer. This should be considered the baseline performance for any 
predictive model to beat. The models could alternatively be characterized 
using the profit gain or lift, estimated as the model profit above and beyond 
the profit from a mass mailing. 
With two classes, a general outline for incorporating unequal costs with 
performance measures is given by Drummond and Holte (2000). They define 
the probability-cost function (PC'F’) as 
4 This depends on a few assumptions which may or may not be true. Section 20.1 
discusses this aspect of the example in more detail in the context of net lift modeling. 

262 11 Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
P x C(+|-) 
Ne Px Ce +(1-—P) x C(4|-) 
where P is the (prior) probability of the event, C(—|+) is the cost associated 
with incorrectly predicting an event (+) as a nonevent, and C(+|—) is the 
cost of incorrectly predicting a nonevent. The PCF is the proportion of the 
total costs associated with a false-positive sample. They suggest using the 
normalized expected cost (NEC) function to characterize the model 
WHC = PCR el =TP\ +0 — PCr) xP 
for a specific set of costs. Essentially, the NEC takes into account the preva- 
lence of the event, model performance, and the costs and scales the total 
cost to be between 0 and 1. Note that this approach only assigns costs to 
the two types of errors and might not be appropriate for problems where 
there are other cost or benefits (such as the direct marketing costs shown in 
Table 11.3). 
11.3 Evaluating Class Probabilities 
Class probabilities potentially offer more information about model predictions 
than the simple class value. This section discussed several approaches to using 
the probabilities to compare models. 
Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) Curves 
ROC curves (Altman and Bland 1994; Brown and Davis 2006; Fawcett 2006) 
were designed as a general method that, given a collection of continuous data 
points, determine an effective threshold such that values above the threshold 
are indicative of a specific event. This tool will be examined in this context 
in Chap. 19, but here, we describe how the ROC curve can be used for 
determining alternate cutoffs for class probabilities. 
For the credit model test set previously discussed, the sensitivity was poor 
for the logistic regression model (40%), while the specificity was fairly high 
(92.9%). These values were calculated from classes that were determined with 
the default 50% probability threshold. Can we improve the sensitivity by 
lowering the threshold” to capture more true positives? Lowering the thresh- 
old for classifying bad credit to 30% results in a model with improved sensi- 
© In this analysis, we have used the test set to investigate the effects of alternative 
thresholds. Generally, a new threshold should be derived from a separate data set 
than those used to train the model or evaluate performance. 

11.3 Evaluating Class Probabilities 263 
. | 
fee) 
ro) 
2 S 0.300 (Spec = 0,786, Sens = 0.600) 
= 
= 
oO 
Cs: co) 0.500 (Spec = 0.929, Sens = 0.400) 
N 
ro) 
oO 
ro) 
I I I i. 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 11.6: A receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve for the logistic 
regression model results for the credit model. The dot indicates the value 
corresponding to a cutoff of 50% while the green square corresponds to a 
cutoff of 30% (i.e., probabilities greater than 0.30 are called events) 
tivity (60%) but decrease specificity (79.3%). Referring to Fig. 11.3, we see 
that decreasing the threshold begins to capture more of the customers with 
bad credit but also begins to encroach on the bulk of the customers with 
good credit. 
The ROC curve is created by evaluating the class probabilities for the 
model across a continuum of thresholds. For each candidate threshold, the 
resulting true-positive rate (i.e., the sensitivity) and the false-positive rate 
(one minus the specificity) are plotted against each other. Figure 11.6 shows 
the results of this process for the credit. data. The solid black point is the de- 
fault 50% threshold while the green square corresponds to the performance 
characteristics for a threshold of 30%. In this figure, the numbers in paren- 
theses are (specificity, sensitivity). Note that the trajectory of the curve 
between (0, 0) and the 50% threshold is steep, indicating that the sensitivity 
is increasing at a greater rate than the decrease in specificity. However, when 
the sensitivity is greater than 70%, there is a more significant decrease in 
specificity than the gain in sensitivity. 
This plot is a helpful tool for choosing a threshold that appropriately 
maximizes the trade-off between sensitivity and specificity. However, altering 
the threshold only has the effect of making samples more positive (or negative 

264 11 Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
as the case may be). In the confusion matrix, it cannot move samples out 
of both off-diagonal table cells. There is almost always a decrease in either 
sensitivity or specificity as 1 is increased. 
The ROC curve can also be used for a quantitative assessment of the model. 
A perfect model that completely separates the two classes would have 100% 
sensitivity and specificity. Graphically, the ROC curve would be a single step 
between (0, 0) and (0, 1) and remain constant from (0, 1) to (1, 1). The area 
under the ROC curve for such a model would be one. A completely ineffective 
model would result in an ROC curve that closely follows the 45° diagonal 
line and would have an area under the ROC curve of approximately 0.50. To 
visually compare different models, their ROC curves can be superimposed 
on the same graph. Comparing ROC curves can be useful in contrasting two 
or more models with different predictor sets (for the same model), different 
tuning parameters (i.e., within model comparisons), or complete different 
classifiers (i.e., between models). 
The optimal model should be shifted towards the upper left corner of the 
plot. Alternatively, the model with the largest area under the ROC curve 
would be the most effective. For the credit data, the logistic model had an 
estimated area under the ROC curve of 0.78 with a 95% confidence inter- 
val of (0.7, 0.85) determined using the bootstrap confidence interval method 
(Hall et al. 2004). There is a considerable amount of research on methods 
to formally compare multiple ROC curves. See Hanley and McNeil (1982), 
DeLong et al. (1988), Venkatraman (2000), and Pepe et al. (2009) for more 
information. 
One advantage of using ROC curves to characterize models is that, since it 
is a function of sensitivity and specificity, the curve is insensitive to disparities 
in the class proportions (Provost et al. 1998; Fawcett 2006). A disadvantage 
of using the area under the curve to evaluate models is that it obscures 
information. For example, when comparing models, it is common that no 
individual ROC curve is uniformly better than another (i.e., the curves cross). 
By summarizing these curves, there is a loss of information, especially if 
one particular area of the curve is of interest. For example, one model may 
produce a steep ROC curve slope on the left but have a lower AUC than 
another model. If the lower end of the ROC curve was of primary interest, 
then AUC would not identify the best model. The partial area under the 
ROC curve (McClish 1989) is an alternative that focuses on specific parts of 
the curve. 
The ROC curve is only defined for two-class problems but has been ex- 
tended to handle three or more classes. Hand and Till (2001), Lachiche and 
Flach (2003), and Li and Fine (2008) use different approaches extending the 
definition of the ROC curve with more than two classes. 

11.3 Evaluating Class Probabilities 265 
Iift Charts 
Lift charts (Ling and Li 1998) are a visualization tool for assessing the ability 
of a model to detect events in a data set with two classes. Suppose a group 
of samples with M events is scored using the event class probability. When 
ordered by the class probability, one would hope that the events are ranked 
higher than the nonevents. Lift charts do just this: rank the samples by 
their scores and determine the cumulative event rate as more samples are 
evaluated. In the optimal case, the M highest-ranked samples would contain 
all MZ events. When the model is non-informative, the highest-ranked X % 
of the data would contain, on average, X events. The lift is the number of 
samples detected by a model above a completely random selection of samples. 
To construct the lift chart we would take the following steps: 
1. Predict a set of samples that were not used in the model building process 
but have known outcomes. 
2. Determine the baseline event rate, i.e., the percent of true events in the 
entire data set. 
3. Order the data by the classification probability of the event of interest. 
4. For each unique class probability value, calculate the percent of true events 
in all samples below the probability value. 
5. Divide the percent of true events for each probability threshold by the 
baseline event rate. 
The lift chart plots the cumulative gain/lift against the cumulative percentage 
of samples that have been screened. Figure 11.7 shows the best and worse 
case lift curves for a data set with a 50% event rate. The non-informative 
model has a curve that is close to the 45° reference line, meaning that the 
model has no benefit for ranking samples. The other curve is indicative of 
a model that can perfectly separate two classes. At the 50% point on the 
x-axis, all of the events have been captured by the model. 
Like ROC curves, the lift curves for different models can be compared to 
find the most appropriate model and the area under the curve can be used as 
a quantitative measure of performance. Also like ROC curves, some parts of 
the lift curve are of more interest than others. For example, the section of the 
curve associated with the highest-ranked samples should have an enriched 
true-positive rate and is likely to be the most important part of the curve. 
Consider the direct marketing application. Using this curve, a quasi- 
threshold can be determined for a model. Again, suppose there is a 10% 
response rate and that most of the responders are found in the top 7% of 
model predictions. Sending the promotions to this subset of customers effec- 
tively imposes a new threshold for customer response since samples below 
the threshold will not be acted on. 
In this application, recall that a predictive model would have to generate 
more profit than the baseline profit associated with sending the promotion 

266 11 Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
Randone——— Perfect 
= ees lS 
100 
80 
ne) 
= 
3 60 tis 
i?) 
= oO 
ti 40 
3 
20 
0 
em T Te 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
% Samples Tested 
Fig. 11.7: An example lift plot with two models: one that perfectly separates 
two classes and another that is completely non-informative 
to all customers. Using the lift plot, the expected profit can be calculated 
for each point on the curve to determine if the lift is sufficient to beat the 
baseline profit. 
11.4 Computing 
The R packages AppliedPredictiveModeling, caret, klaR, MASS, pROC, and 
randomForest will be utilized in this section. 
For illustration, the simulated data set shown in Fig. 11.1 will be used in 
this section. To create these data, the quadBoundaryFune function in the Ap- 
pliedPredictiveModeling package is used to generate the predictors and out- 
comes: 
library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
set.seed(975) 
simulatedTrain <- quadBoundaryFunc (500) 
simulatedTest <- quadBoundaryFunc (1000) 
head (simulatedTrain) 
X1 X2 prob class 
1 2.4685709 2.28742015 0.9647251 Class1 
2 -0.1889407 -1.63949455 0.9913938 Class1 WOW ME MAT UME 

11.4 Computing 
3 
4 
5 
6 -1.9101460 
0.348127 
0.140115 
0.771714 9 
3 
8 267 
-2.89194964 1.0000000 Class1 
0.06707434 0.1529697 Class1 
0.86900555 0.5563062 Class1 
-0.91504835 0.2713248 Class2 
The random forest and quadratic discriminant models will be fit to the data: 
data = simulatedTrain, 
ntree = 2000) > library (randomForest) 
> rfModel <- randomForest(class ~ X1 + X2, 
eke 
+ 
> library(MASS) ## for the qda() function 
> qdaModel <- qda(class ~ X1 + X2, data = simulatedTrain) 
The output of the predict function for qda objects includes both the predicted 
classes (in a slot called class) and the associated probabilities are in a matrix 
called posterior. For the QDA model, predictions will be created for the 
training and test sets. Later in this section, the training set probabilities 
will be used in an additional model to calibrate the class probabilities. The 
calibration will then be applied to the test set probabilities: 
> qdaTrainPred <- predict(qdaModel, simulatedTrain) 
> names (qdaTrainPred) 
{1] 
> head (qdaTrainPred$class) Velassi! "posterior" 
{1] Classi Classi Classi Class2 Classi Class2 
Levels: Classi Class2 
> head (qdaTrainPred$posterior) 
OnPr WN ie) (oy fe) (ei (2) 
0. Classi 
alaLoLsG 
8083861 
.9985019 
- 3549247 
5264952 
3604055 0 
0 
O. 
0 
0 
0 Class2 
. 268686374 
191613899 
001498068 
-645075330 
473504846 
639594534 
> qdaTestPred <- predict(qdaModel, simulatedTest) 
> simulatedTrain$QDAprob <- qdaTrainPred$posterior[,"Class1"] 
> simulatedTest$QDAprob <- qdaTestPred$posterior[,"Class1"] 
The random forest model requires two calls to the predict function to get the 
predicted classes and the class probabilities: 
> rfTestPred <- predict(rfModel, simulatedTest, type = "prob") 
> head (rfTestPred) 
lassi Class2 
aoPWNPR Semiea is) (=: 
6 Cc 
OF -4300 0 
.5185 0 
.9970 0. 
79395 20: 
.0205 0 
2840 0. .5700 
-48 15 
0030 
- 0605 
9795 
7160 
> simulatedTest$RFprob <- rfTestPred[,"Classi"] 
> simulatedTest$RFclass <- predict(rfModel, simulatedTest) 

268 11 Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
Sensitivity and Specificity 
caret has functions for computing sensitivity and specificity. These functions 
require the user to indicate the role of each of the classes: 
> # Class 1 will be used as the event of interest 
> sensitivity(data = simulatedTest$RFclass, 
+ reference = simulatedTest$class, 
+ positive = "Classi") 
[1] 0.8278867 
> specificity(data = simulatedTest$RFclass, 
rs reference = simulatedTest¢class, 
+ negative = "Class2") 
[1] 0.8946396 
Predictive values can also be computed either by using the prevalence found 
in the data set (46%) or by using prior judgement: 
> posPredValue(data = simulatedTest$RFclass, 
cf reference = simulatedTest$class, 
+ positive = "Classi") 
{1] 0.8695652 
> negPredValue(data = simulatedTest$RFclass, 
si reference = simulatedTest$class, 
+ positive = "Class2") 
[1] 0.8596803 
> # Change the prevalence manually 
> posPredValue(data = simulatedTest$RFclass, 
+ reference = simulatedTesté$class, 
7 positive = "Classi™, 
tr prevalence = .9) 
[1] 0.9860567 
Confusion Matrix 
There are several functions in R to create the confusion matrix. The 
confusionMatrix function in the caret package produces the table and associ- 
ated statistics: 
> confusionMatrix(data = simulatedTest$RFclass, 
1 reference = simulatedTest$class, 
+ positive = "Classi") 
Confusion Matrix and Statistics 
Reference 
Prediction Classi Class2 
Classi 380 57 
Class2 79 484 

11.4 Computing 
Accuracy : 0.864 
SyAMCAE “c 
No Information Rate : 0.541 
P-Value [Acc > NIR] : < 2e-16 
Kappa : 0.7252 
Mcnemar's Test P-Value : 0.07174 
Sensitivity : 0.8279 
Specificity : 0.8946 
Pos Pred Value : 0.8696 
Neg Pred Value : 0.8597 
Prevalence : 0.4590 
Detection Rate : 0.3800 
Detection Prevalence : 0.4370 
'Positive' Class +: Cllasst-. (0.8412, 0.8846) 269 
There is also an option in this function to manually set the prevalence. If there 
were more than two classes, the sensitivity, specificity, and similar statistics 
are calculated on a “one-versus-all” basis (e.g., the first class versus a pool of 
classes two and three). 
Receiver Operating Characteristic Curves 
The pROC package (Robin et al. 2011) can create the curve and derive various 
statistics.° First, an R object must be created that contains the relevant 
information using the pROC function roc. The resulting object is then used 
to generate the ROC curve or calculate the area under the curve. For example, 
> library (pROC) 
> rocCurve <- roc(response = simulatedTest$class, 
predictor = simulatedTest$RFprob, + 
+++ + ## This function assumes that the second 
## class is the event of interest, 
## reverse the labels. 
levels = rev(levels(simulatedTest$class) )) SO we 
From this object, we can produce statistics (such as the area under the ROC 
curve and its confidence interval): 
> auc(rocCurve) 
Area under the curve: 0.9328 
> ci.roc(rocCurve) 
95% CI: 0.9176-0.948 (DeLong) 
6 R has a number of packages that can compute the ROC curve, including ROCR, 
caTools, PresenceAbsence, and others. 

270 11 Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
Sensitivity 
T q l ] 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 11.8: An example of an ROC curve produced using the roc and plot.roc 
functions in the pROC package 
We can also use the plot function to produce the ROC curve itself: 
plot(rocCurve, legacy.axes = TRUE) 
## By default, the x-axis goes backwards, used 
## the option legacy.axes = TRUE to get 1-spec 
## on the x-axis moving from O to 1 
## Also, another curve can be added using 
## add = TRUE the next time plot.auc is used. Wr OA ON NP PNY, 
Figure 11.8 shows the results of this function call. 
Lift Charts 
The lift curve can be created using the 1ift function in the caret package. 
It takes a formula as the input where the true class is on the left-hand side 
of the formula, and one or more columns for model class probabilities are on 
the right. For example, to produce a lift plot for the random forest and QDA 
test set probabilities, 

11.4 Computing Dial 
> labs <- c(RFprob = "Random Forest", 
tr QDAprob = "Quadratic Discriminant Analysis") 
> liftCurve <- lift(class ~ RFprob + QDAprob, data = simulatedTest, 
et labels = labs) 
> liftCurve 
Call: 
lift.formula(x = class ~ RFprob + QDAprob, data = simulatedTest, labels 
= labs) 
Models: Random Forest, Quadratic Discriminant Analysis 
Event: Classi (45.9%) 
To plot two lift curves, the xyplot function is used to create a lattice plot: 
> ## Add lattice options to produce a legend on top 
> xyplot(liftCurve, 
auto.key = list(columns:= 2, 
f lines = TRUE, 
+ points = FALSE) ) 
See Fig. 11.9. 
Calibrating Probabilities 
Calibration plots as described above are available in the calibration.plot 
function in the PresenceAbsence package and in the caret function calibration 
(details below). The syntax for the calibration function is similar to the lift 
function: 
> calCurve <- calibration(class ~ RFprob + QDAprob, data = simulatedTest) 
> calCurve 
Call: 
calibration.formula(x = class ~ RFprob + QDAprob, data = simulatedTest) 
Models: RFprob, QDAprob 
Event: Classi 
Cuts; 11 
> xyplot(calCurve, auto.key = list(columns = 2)) 
Figure 11.9 also shows this plot. An entirely different approach to calibration 
plots that model the observed event rate as a function of the class probabilities 
can be found in the calibrate.plot function of the gbm package. 
To recalibrate the QDA probabilities, a post-processing model is created 
that models the true outcome as a function of the class probability. To fit 
a sigmoidal function, a logistic regression model is used (see Sect. 12.2 for 
more details) via the gim function in base R. This function is an interface 
to a broad set of methods called generalized linear models (Dobson 2002), 
which includes logistic regression. To fit the model, the function requires the 

PP: 11 Measuring Performance in Classification Models 
J aoe = sl = = 
100 
80 
~2) 
(= 
==] 
ic 60 
ep) 
@ ©: 
& 40 ” 
2 
20 
Random Forest a 
A Quadratic Discriminant Analysis 
T T T T I I 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
% Samples Tested 
| peer eal | 
100 
RFprob ® 
QDAprob 4 
&, 80 oO 
ie o 
2 
a 60 
ie oO 
if ay 40 sal ; 
o 
re ® 
o Oo 2 vy i 
o- ee 
I T | } 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
Bin Midpoint 
Fig. 11.9: Examples of lift and calibration curves for the random forest and 
QDA models 
family argument to specify the type of outcome data being modeled. Since 
our outcome is a discrete category, the binomial distribution is selected: 
> ## The glm() function models the probability of the second factor 
> ## level, so the function relevel() is used to temporarily reverse the 
> ## factors levels. 

11.4 Computing 203 
> sigmoidalCal <- glm(relevel(class, ref = "Class2") ~ QDAprob, 
+ data = simulatedTrain, 
+ family = binomial) 
> coef (summary (sigmoidalCal)) 
Estimate Std. Error z value Pr(>|zl) 
(Intercept) -5.701055 0.5005652 -11.38924 4.731132e-30 
QDAprob 11.717292 1.0705197 10.94542 6.989017e-28 
The corrected probabilities are created by taking the original model and 
applying Eq. 11.1 with the estimated slope and intercept. In R, the predict 
function can be used: 
> sigmoidProbs <- predict (sigmoidalCal, 
+ newdata = simulatedTest[,"QDAprob", drop = FALSE], 
+ type = "response") 
> simulatedTest$QDAsigmoid <- sigmoidProbs 
The Bayesian approach for calibration is to treat the training set class prob- 
abilities to estimate the probabilities Pr|X] and Pr[X|Y = C;] (see Eq. 13.5 
on page 354). In R, the naive Bayes model function NaiveBayes in the klaR 
package can be used for the computations: 
BayesCal <- NaiveBayes(class ~ QDAprob, data = simulatedTrain, 
usekernel = TRUE) 
## Like qda(), the predict function for this model creates 
## both the classes and the probabilities 
BayesProbs <- predict (BayesCal, 
newdata = simulatedTest[, "QDAprob", drop = FALSE]) 
simulatedTest$QDABayes <- BayesProbs$posterior[, "Classi"] 
## The probability values before and after calibration 
head(simulatedTest[, c(5:6, 8, 9)]) 
QDAprob RFprob QDAsigmoid QDABayes SN NIN NE ONE iN: 
1 0.3830767 0.4300 0.22927068 0.2515696 
2 0.5440393 0.5185 0.66231139 0.6383383 
3 0.9846107 0.9970 0.99708776 0.9995061 
4 0.5463540 0.9395 0.66835048 0.6430232 
5 0.2426705 0.0205 0.05428903 0.0566883 
6 0.4823296 0.2840 0.48763794 0.5109129 
The option usekernel = TRUE allows a flexible function to model the probabil- 
ity distribution of the class probabilities. 
These new probabilities are evaluated using another plot: 
> calCurve2 <- calibration(class ~ QDAprob + QDABayes + QDAsigmoid, 
t data = simulatedTest) 
> xyplot (calCurve2) 

OSes sit Cane © 
=) “> ee > 
: my Ga Pe ° ———=6 6 
> Cans 
io] ete ping! 

Chapter 12 
Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear 
Classification Models 
In general, discriminant or classification techniques seek to categorize samples 
into groups based on the predictor characteristics, and the route to achieving 
this minimization is different for each technique. Some techniques take a 
mathematical path [e.g., linear discriminant analysis (LDA)], and others take 
an algorithmic path (e.g., k-nearest neighbors). 
Classical methods such as LDA and its closely related mathematical 
cousins (partial least squares discriminant analysis (PLSDA), logistic regres- 
sion, etc.) will be discussed in this chapter and will focus on separating sam- 
ples into groups based on characteristics of predictor variation. 
12.1 Case Study: Predicting Successful Grant 
Applications 
These data are from a 2011 Kaggle competition sponsored by the University 
of Melbourne where there was interest in predicting whether or not a grant 
application would be accepted. Since public funding of grants had decreased 
over time, triaging grant applications based on their likelihood of success 
could be important for estimating the amount of potential funding to the 
university. In addition to predicting grant success, the university sought to 
understand factors that were important in predicting success. As we have dis- 
cussed throughout the regression chapters, there is often a trade-off between 
models that are developed for understanding and models that are developed 
for prediction. The same is true for classification models; this will be illus- 
trated in this and the following chapters. 
In the contest, data on 8,708 grants between the years 2005 and 2008 were 
available for model building and the test set contained applications from 2009 
to 2010. The winning entry achieved an area under the ROC curve of 0.968 
i) ~I On M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_12, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

276 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
on the test set. The first and second place winners discuss their approaches 
to the data and modeling on the Kaggle blog.! 
The data can be found at the Kaggle web site,“ but only the training set 
data contain the outcomes for the grants. Many pieces of information were 
collected across grants, including whether or not the grant application was 
successful. The original data contained many predictors such as: 2 
e The role of each individual listed on the grant. Possible values include 
chief investigator (shortened to “CI” in the data), delegated researcher 
(DR), principal supervisor (PS), external advisor (EA), external chief in- 
vestigator (ECI), student chief investigator (SCI), student researcher (SR), 
honorary visitor (HV), or unknown (UNK). The total number of individ- 
uals listed on the grant ranged from | to 14. 
e Several characteristics of each individual on the grant, such as their date of 
birth, home language, highest degree, nationality, number of prior success- 
ful (and unsuccessful) grants, department, faculty status, level of seniority, 
length of employment at the university, and number of publications in four 
different grades of journals. 
e One or more codes related to Australia’s research fields, courses and dis- 
ciplines (RFCD) classification. Using this, the grant can be classified into 
subgroups, such as Applied Economics, Microbiology, and Librarianship. 
There were 738 possible values of the RFCD codes in the data. If more 
than one code was specified for a grant, their relative percentages were 
recorded. The RFCD codes listed by the Australian Bureau of Statistics? 
range from 210,000 to 449,999. There were many grants with nonsensical 
codes (such as 0 or 999,999) that were grouped into an unknown category 
for these analyses. 
e One or more codes corresponding to the socio-economic objective (SEO) 
classification. This classification describes the intended purpose of the 
grant, such as developing construction activities or health services. If more 
than one code was specified for a grant, their relative percentages were 
recorded. Like the RFCD codes, there were some values in the data that 
did not map to any of the codes listed by the Australian government and 
were grouped into an unknown category. 
e The submission date of the grant 
e The monetary value of the grant, binned into 17 groups 
e A grant category code which describes the type sponsor as well as a code 
for the specific sponsor 
One of the first steps in the model building process is to transform, or encode, 
the original data structure into a form that is most informative for the model 
(i.e., feature engineering). This encoding process is critical and must be done 
' http://blog.kaggle.com/. 
? http://www.kaggle.com/c/unimelb. 
3°-The RFCD codes can be found at http://tinyurl.com/25zvts while the SEO codes 
can be found at http://tinyurl.com/8435ae4. 

12.1 Case Study: Predicting Successful Grant Applications Pal ff 
with foresight into the analyses that will be performed so that appropriate 
predictors can be elucidated from the original data. Failure to appropriately 
format the predictors can prevent developing effective predictive models. 
The original form of the grant data is not conducive to modeling. For 
example, many fields are broken down for each individual involved in the 
grant. As such, there are 15 columns in the data for each individual. Since 
there could be as many as 14 individuals associated with a grant, there are a 
large number of columns for a grant, many of which have no data. 
How to encode these data is a primary first question. For example, since 
there are often multiple individuals associated with the grant, how should 
this information be represented in the data? Similarly, when there are mul- 
tiple RFCD codes and associated percentages, in what manner should these 
data enter the models? Additionally, these data contain many missing values 
which we must also handle before building a predictive model. We must think 
through all of these questions while keeping in mind the goal of predicting 
the success of a grant application. 
Given this goal, we took the following steps. First, a group of predictors 
was created that describe how many investigators were on the grant broken 
up by role (e.g., chief investigator). Second, groups of role-specific count vari- 
ables were also created for the home language, nationality, degree, birth year, 
department, and grant history. For example, one variable counts the number 
of chief investigators from Australia while another counts the total number of 
successful grants from all delegated researchers on the grant. For publication 
data, the total number of publications in the four tiers of journals was aggre- 
gated across all roles. The duration of employment was similarly aggregated 
across all roles. 
Indicator variables for each sponsor code and grant category were also 
created. For the RFCD and SEO codes, the number of non-zero percentages 
for each grant was used. Finally, indicators were generated for the month and 
day or the week that the grant was submitted. In all, 1,784 possible predictors 
were created using this encoding scheme. 
As a result, the vast majority of these predictors are discrete in nature 
(i.e., either 0/1 dummy variables or counts) with many 0 values. Since many 
of the predictors are categorical in nature, missing values were encoded as 
“unknown.” For example, 912 grants had missing category codes. A binary 
predictor for missing grant categories was created to capture this information. 
As described in Chap. 3, some predictive models have different constraints 
on the type of predictors that they can utilize. For example, in these data, 
a significant number of predictors had pair-wise absolute correlations that 
were larger than 0.99. Because of this, a high-correlation filter was used on 
the predictor set to remove these highly redundant predictors from the data. 
In the end, 56 predictors were eliminated from the data for this reason. The 
binary nature of many of predictors also resulted in many cases where the data 
were very sparse and unbalanced. For the RFCD codes, 95% of the predictors 
had less than 50 non-zero indicators. This high degree of class imbalance 

278 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
successful [a unsuccessful [a : 
Number of Prior Successful Grants [Number of Prior Successful Grants by the Cl__| the Cl Number of Prior Unsuccessful Grants by the Cl 
40 4 
30 4 
20 4 r 
104 
o- Les.-___ a Doss.--...___| 
Ot 23 4556) 78 SI MOM 131415 O 1 2 °3 4°95 6 7 8 9. 10 14, 12 13: 14.95 Percent of Total 
ral 
Fig. 12.1: The top two continuous predictors associated with grant success 
based on the pre-2008 data. Prior success in receiving a grant by the chief 
investigator as well as prior failure in receiving a grant are most highly as- 
sociated with the success or failure of receiving a future grant. The z-axis 
is truncated to 15 grants so that the long tails of the distribution do not 
obfuscate the differences 
indicates that many of the predictors could be classified as near-zero variance 
predictors described in Chap.3, which can lead to computational issues in 
many of the models. 
Since not all models are affected by this issue, two different sets of predic- 
tors were used, depending on the model. The “full set” of predictors included 
all the variables regardless of their distribution (1,070 predictors). The “re- 
duced set” was developed for models that are sensitive to sparse and unbal- 
anced predictors and contained 252 predictors. In subsequent chapters and 
sections, the text will describe which predictor set was used for each model. 
As a reminder, the process of removing predictors without measuring their 
association with the outcome is unsupervised feature selection. Although a few 
models that use supervised feature selection are described in this chapter, a 
broader discussion of feature selection is tabled until Chap. 19. 
A cursory, univariate review of the newly encoded data uncovers a few 
interesting relationships with the response. Two continuous predictors, the 
number of prior successful and unsuccessful grant applications by the chief 
investigator, were highly associated with grant application success. The distri- 
butions of these predictors by current grant application success are displayed 
in aren she (Se Oa no surprisingly these histograms suggest that prior success or 
' However, there are several tree-based methods described in Ch hap. 14 that are more 
effective if the categorical predictors are not converted to dummy variables. In these 
cases, the full set of categories are used. 

12.1 Case Study: Predicting Successful Grant Applications 279 
Table 12.1: Statistics for the three categorical predictors with highest uni- 
variate association with the success funding of a grant 
Grant success 
Yes No N Percent Odds Odds ratio 
Contract value band 
A 1,501 SIS 19 64.7 1.835 2.84 
Other bands 2,302 3,569 5,871 39.2 0.645 
Sponsor 
Unknown WOe 158 890 82.2 4.633 6.38 
Known 3,0¢L 4,229 f, 300 Anh O26 
Month 
January 480 45 9525 91.4 10.667 13.93 
Other months Save Bh eae TO) AZ A Os005 
failure shifts the respective distribution towards current success or failure. 
Given this knowledge, we would expect these predictors to play significant 
roles for most any classification model. 
Three categorical predictors (Contract Value Band A, Sponsor Unknown, 
and January) had the highest univariate associations with grant application 
success. The associations for these three predictors were not strong but do 
reveal some useful patterns. Table 12.1 shows the data and suggests that 
grant submissions with a large monetary value, an unknown sponsor, or a 
submission in January are associated with greater funding success. Looking 
at the problem a different way, unsuccessful grant applications are likely to 
have a smaller monetary value, to have a known sponsor, and are submitted 
in a month other than January. The table has the success rates for each group 
and also the odds, which is ratio of the probability of a success grant over 
the probability of an unsuccessful grant. One common method for quanti- 
fying the predictive ability of a binary predictor (such as these) is the odds 
ratio. For example, when a grant is submitted in January the odds are much 
higher (10.7) than other months (0.8). The ratio of the odds for this predictor 
suggests that grants submitted in January are 13.9 times more likely to be 
successful than the other months. Given the high odds ratios, we would ex- 
pect that these predictors will also have impact on the development of most 
classification models. 
Finally, we must choose how to split the data which is not directly obvious. 
Before deciding on the splitting approach, it is important to note that the per- 
centage of successful grants varied over the years: 45 % (2005), 51.7% (2006), 
47.2% (2007), and 36.6% (2008). Although 2008 had the lowest percentage 
in the data, there is not yet enough information to declare a downward trend. 
The data splitting scheme should take into account the application domain of 
the model: how will it be used and what should the criterion be to assess if it 

280 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
is fit for purpose? The purpose of the model exercise is to create a predictive 
model to quantify the likelihood of success for new grants, which is why the 
competition used the most recent data for testing purposes. 
If the grant success rate were relatively constant over the years, a reason- 
able data splitting strategy would be relatively straightforward: take all the 
available data from 2005 to 2008, reserve some data for a test set, and use 
resampling with the remainder of the samples for tuning the various models. 
However, a random test sample across all of the years is likely to lead to a 
substantially less relevant test set; in effect, we would be building models that 
are focused on the past grant application environment. 
An alternative strategy would be to create models using the data before 
2008, but tune them based on how well they fit the 2008 data. Essentially, 
the 2008 data would serve as a single test set that is more relevant in time 
to the original test set of data from 2009 to 2010. However, this is a single 
“look” at the data that do not provide any real measure of uncertainty for 
model performance. More importantly, this strategy may lead to substantial 
over-fitting to this particular set of 2008 data and may not generalize well 
to subsequent years. For example, as with regression models, there are a 
number of classification models that automatically perform feature selection 
while building the model. One potential methodology error that may occur 
with a single test set that is evaluated many times is that a set of predictors 
may be selected that work only for these particular 2008 grant applications. 
We would have no way of knowing if this is the case until another set of recent 
grant applications are evaluated. 
How do these two approaches compare for these data? Figure 12.2 shows 
the results for a support vector machine classification model discussed in 
detail in Sect.13.4 but is similar to the support vector regression model 
described in Sect. 7.3. Using the radial basis function kernel previously dis- 
cussed, the tuning parameters are the kernel parameter, 7, and the cost value, 
C’, used to control for over-fitting. Several values of the radial basis function 
kernel parameter were evaluated as well as several values of the cost function. 
Figure 12.2 shows both approaches to tuning the model. Two tuning 
parameter profiles for the support vector machine are shown: 
e The first model is built on 8,189 grants that include all the pre-2008 data 
and 25 % of the 2008 data (n = 290). To choose the regularization and ker- 
nel parameter(s), 10-fold cross-validation is used. The performance profile 
across the cost parameter is shown as a blue line in Fig. 12.2 (this pro- 
file uses the optimal value of the kernel parameter). A set of 2008 grants 
(n = 1,785) is held back to validate the choice of the final tuning param- 
eter (blue profile). . 
e The second model is exclusively built on pre-2008 data, and the value of 
the tuning parameter is chosen to maximize the area under the ROC curve 
for the 2008 grants. No additional samples are held back for verifying the 
parameter choice (red profile). 

12.1 Case Study: Predicting Successful Grant Applications 281 
10-Fold Cross—Validation ° 
Single 2008 Test Set x 
2-2 240 NZ 24 246 209 
Fig. 12.2: Two models for grant success based on the pre-2008 data but with 
different data sets used to tune the model 
The blue profile suggests that a value of 32 for the cost parameter will yield 
an area under the ROC curve of 0.88. The red profile shows the results of 
evaluating only the 2008 data (i.e., no resampling). Here, the tuning process 
suggests that a smaller cost value is needed (4) to achieve an optimal model 
with an area under the ROC curve of 0.89. Firstly, given the amount of data 
to evaluate the model, it is problematic that the curves suggest different 
tuning parameters. Secondly, when the cross-validated model is evaluated on 
the 2008 data, the area under the ROC curve is substantially smaller (0.83) 
than the cross-validation results indicate. - 
The compromise taken here is to build models on the pre-2008 data and 
tune them by evaluating a random sample of 2,075 grants from 2008. Once 
the optimal parameters are determined, final model is built using these pa- 
rameters and the entire training set (i.e., the data prior to 2008 and the 
additional 2,075 grants). A small holdout set of 518 grants from 2008 will be 
used to ensure that no gross methodology errors occur from repeatedly eval- 
uating the 2008 data during model tuning. In the text, this set of samples is 
called the 2008 holdout set. This small set of year 2008 grants will be referred 
to as the test set and will not be evaluated until set of candidate models are 
identified (in Chap. 15). These strategies are summarized in Table 12.2. 
To be clear, there is no single, clean approach to handling this issue for 
data that appear to be evolving over time. Therefore the practitioner must 
understand the modeling objectives and carefully craft a plan for training and 
testing models. In this case, the grant data have the luxury of a moderate 
amount of recent data; there are enough data to split out a small holdout set 

282 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
Table 12.2: A schematic for the data splitting strategy for the grant applica- 
tion data used in this and subsequent chapters 
Model tuning Final model 
Training Holdout Training Holdout 
Pre-2008 (n = 6, 633) Xx x 
2008 (n = 1,557) x x 
2008 (n = 518) x 
without significantly impairing the tuning process. The disadvantages of this 
approach are: 
1. An assumption is being made that the model parameters derived from the 
tuning process will be appropriate for the final model, which uses pre-2008 
data as well as the 2,075 grants from 2008. 
2. Since the final model uses some 2008 grants, the performance on the test 
set is likely to be better than the results generated in the tuning process 
(where the model parameters were not exposed to year 2008 grants). 
In Chap. 15, the test set results will be compared to those generated during 
model tuning. 
12.2 Logistic Regression 
Linear regression (Sect. 6.2) forms a model that is linear in the parameters, 
and these parameters are obtained by minimizing the sum of the squared 
residuals. It turns out that the model that minimizes the sum of the squared 
residuals also produces maximum likelihood estimates of the parameters when 
it is reasonable to assume that the model residuals follow a normal (i.e., 
Gaussian) distribution. 
Maximum likelihood parameter estimation is a technique that can be used 
when we are willing to make assumptions about the probability distribution of 
the data. Based on the theoretical probability distribution and the observed 
data, the likelihood function is a probability statement that can be made 
about a particular set of parameter values. If two sets of parameters values 
are being identified, the set with the larger likelihood would be deemed more 
consistent with the observed data. 

12.2 Logistic Regression 283 
The probability distribution that is most often used when there are two 
classes is the binomial distribution.° This distribution has a single parameter, 
p, that is the probability of an event or a specific class. For the grant data, 
suppose p is the probability of a successful grant. In the pre-2008 grants, 
there were a total of 6,633 grants and, of these, 3,233 were successful. Here, 
the form of the binomial likelihood function would be 
6633 1G = 3233 = 6633—3233 : 
(p) eat =) ; (12.1) 
where the exponents for p and 1 — p reflect the frequencies of the classes in 
the observed data. The first part of the equation is “n choose r” and accounts 
for the possible ways that there could be 3,233 successes and 3,400 failures 
in the data. 
The maximum likelihood estimator would find a value of p that pro- 
duces the largest value for f(p). It turns out that the sample proportion, 
3233/6633 = 0.487, is the maximum likelihood estimate in this situation. 
However, we know that the success rate is affected by multiple factors 
and we would like to build a model that uses those factors to produce a 
more refined probability estimate. In this case, we would re-parameterize the 
model so that p is a function of these factors. Like linear regression, the 
logistic regression model has an intercept in addition to slope parameters for 
each model term. However, since the probability of the event is required to be 
between 0 and 1, we cannot be guaranteed that a slope and intercept model 
would constrain values within this range. As discussed earlier in the chapter, 
if p is the probability of an event, the odds of the event are then p/(1— p). 
Logistic regression models the log odds of the event as a linear function: 
tog (Pe) = Bo + Biz +--+ Bear. (12.2) 
Here, P is the number of predictors. The right-hand side of the equation is 
usually referred to as the linear predictor. Since the log of the odds can range 
from —oo to oo, there is no concern about the range of values that the linear 
predictors may produce. By moving some terms around, we get back to a 
function of the event probability: 
| 
1+ exp [—(6o + 6141 +--+: + Bpxp)| p= 
This nonlinear function is a sigmoidal function of the model terms and con- 
strains the probability estimates to between 0 and 1. Also, this model pro- 
duces linear class boundaries, unless the predictors used in the model are 
5 Data with three or more classes are usually modeled using the mullanomial distri- 
bution. See Agresti (2002) for more details. 

284 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
0 100 200 300 
Probability of A Successful Grant a a T 
0 100 200 300 
Day 
Fig. 12.3: Two logistic regression models that relate the probability of a 
successful grant to the numeric day of the year. In this plot, the day values 
were binned into 5-day periods. The model fits did not use the binned version 
of the predictor; the log odds were modeled as a function of the day of the 
wear (e:p:, lL U2e2.. 4 B00) 
nonlinear versions of the data (e.g., the squared values of a predictor are 
used as one of the x; model terms). 
Now that we have a way to relate our model to the parameter of the 
binomial distribution, we can find candidate values of the parameters (() 
and, with our observed data, compute a value of the likelihood function. 
Once we find (@ values that appear to maximize the likelihood for our data, 
these values would be used to predict sample outcomes. 
Logistic regression and ordinary linear regression fall into a larger class 
of techniques called generalized linear models (GLMs) that encompass many 
different probability distributions. Dobson (2002) provides an excellent in- 
troduction to these models. They are linear in the sense that some function 
of the outcome is modeled using the linear predictors, such as the log odds 
in Eq. 12.2. They often produce nonlinear equations (such as the one for p 
in Eq. 12.3). Again, note that even though the equation for p is nonlinear, it 
produces linear classification boundaries. 
For example, we could fit a simple logistic regression model to the grant 
data using a single predictor, such as the numeric day of the year. Figure 12.3 
shows the observed probability of a successful grant when the data are binned 
into 5-day intervals. In this plot, there is a higher success rate associated with 
the beginning and end of the year. In fact, for the data prior to 2008, there 
were zero unsuccessful grants in the pool of 343 grants submitted on the first 
day of the year. During the middle of the year the acceptance rate is roughly 
decreasing but increases near the end of the year. A simple logistic regression 

12.2 Logistic Regression 285 
model would try to estimate a slope corresponding to the day as well as an 
intercept term. Using the training data, the model fitting routine searches 
across different values of these two parameters to find a combination that, 
given the observed training data, maximizes the likelihood of the binomial 
distribution. In the end, the estimated intercept was 0.919 and the slope 
parameter was determined to be —0.0042. This means that there was a per 
day decrease in the log odds of 0.0042. The model fit is shown on the left 
panel of Fig. 12.3. This does not adequately represent the trend in the later 
part of the year. Another model can be created where a third parameter 
corresponds to a squared day term. For this model, the estimated intercept 
now becomes 1.88, the slope for the linear day term is —0.019, and the slope 
for the quadratic term was estimated to be —0.000038. The right-hand panel 
of Fig. 12.3 shows a clear improvement in the model but does not quite capture 
the increase in the success rate at the end of the year. As evidence of the need 
for an additional term, the area under the ROC curve for the linear model 
was 0.56, which improves to 0.66 once the additional model term is utilized. 
An effective logistic regression model would require an inspection of how 
the success rate related to each of the continuous predictors and, based on 
this, may parameterize the model terms to account for nonlinear effects. One 
efficient method for doing this is discussed in Harrell (2001), where restricted 
cubic splines are used to create flexible, adaptive versions of the predictors 
that can capture many types of nonlinearities. The chapter’s Computing sec- 
tion has more details on this methodology. Another approach is a generalized 
additive model (Hastie and Tibshirani 1990; Hastie et al. 2008), which also 
uses flexible regression methods (such as splines) to adaptively model the log 
odds. We refer the reader to the reference texts to learn more about these 
methods. 
For the grant data, the full set of predictors was used in a logistic regres- 
sion model. The other continuous predictors were evaluated for nonlineari- 
ties. However, many of the predictors have few data points on one or more 
extremes of the distributions, such as the two predictors shown in Fig. 12.1. 
This increases the difficulty in prescribing an exact functional form for the 
predictors. Using this predictor set, the logistic regression model was able to 
achieve an area under the ROC curve of 0.78, a sensitivity of 77% and a 
specificity of 76.1%, on the 2008 holdout set. 
Many of the categorical predictors have sparse and unbalanced distribu- 
tions. Because of this, we would expect that a model using the full set of 
predictors would perform worse than the set that has near-zero variance pre- 
dictors removed. For the reduced set of 253 variables, the area under the 
ROC curve was 0.87, the sensitivity was 80.4%, and the specificity was 82.2 % 
(Fig. 12.4). The confusion matrix is shown in Table 12.3. With this partic- 
ular model, there was a substantial improvement gained by removing these 
predictors. 
For logistic regression, formal statistical hypothesis tests can be conducted 
to assess whether the slope coefficients for each predictor are statistically sig- 
nificant. A Z statistic is commonly used for these models (Dobson 2002), and 

286 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
Table 12.3: The 2008 holdout set confusion matrix for the logistic regression 
model 
Observed class 
Successful Unsuccessful 
Successful 439 236 
Unsuccessful iil Ril 
This model had an overall accuracy of 76.4 %, a sensitivity of 77%, and a specificity 
of 76.1% 
Sensitivity 0.6 
0.4 
T I T a T 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 12.4: The ROC curve for the grant data test set using a logistic regression 
model. The AUC is 0.87 
is essentially a measure of the signal-to-noise ratio: the estimated slope is 
divided by its corresponding standard error. Using this statistic, the predic- 
tors can be ranked to understand which terms had the largest effect on the 
model. For these data, the five most important predictors were the number 
of unsuccessful grants by chief investigators, the number of successful grants 
by chief investigators, contract value band F, contract value band E, and 
numeric day of the year (squared). 
The logistic. regression model is very popular due to its simplicity and 
ability to make inferential statements about model terms. For example, a 
researcher may want to formally evaluate whether the day of the calendar 
year has a statistically significant relationship with the probability of grant 

12.3 Linear Discriminant Analysis 287 
acceptance. Harrell (2001) is an excellent resource for developing statistical 
models for the purpose of making inferential statements about model param- 
eters. ¥ 
This model can also be effective when the goal is solely prediction, but, as 
demonstrated above, it does require the user to identify effective representa- 
tions of the predictor data that yield the best performance. As will be shown 
in the later sections, there are other classification models that empirically 
derive these relationships in the course of model training. If the model will 
only be utilized for prediction, these techniques may be more advantageous. 
12.3 Linear Discriminant Analysis 
The roots of LDA date back to Fisher (1936) and Welch (1939). Each of these 
researchers took a different perspective on the problem of obtaining optimal 
classification rules. Yet, as we will see, each came to find the same rule in 
the two-group classification setting. In this section we will provide highlights 
of both of these approaches to capture their necessary technical details while 
also discussing a few mathematical constructs required for connecting it with 
other methods discussed later in this chapter. 
For the classification problem, Welch (1939) took the approach of minimiz- 
ing the total probability of misclassification, which depends on class probabil- 
ities and multivariate distributions of the predictors. To see Welch’s approach, 
we first need a basic understanding of Bayes’ Rule® which is 
Pry = CiPixiy = C)| 
ey Pr[Y = Ci]Pr[X|¥ = Cy] (12.4) PrlY = C;|X] = 
Pr|Y = C;] is known as the prior probability of membership in class Cy. In 
practice these values are either known, are determined by the proportions of 
samples in each class, or are unknown in which case all values of the priors 
are set to be equal. Pr[X|Y = Cy] is the conditional probability of observing 
predictors X, given that the data stem from class Cy. Here we assume that 
the data are generated from a probability distribution (e.g., multivariate nor- 
mal distribution), which then defines this quantity’s mathematical form. The 
result of this equation is Pr[Y = C;|X], which is commonly referred to as 
the posterior probability that the sample, X, is a member of class Ce. For a 
more detailed description of this equation, we refer you to Sect. 13.6. 
For a two-group classification problem, the rule that minimizes the total 
probability of misclassification would be to classify X into group 1 if Pr[Y = 
C,|X] > Pr[Y = C2|X] and into group 2 if the inequality is reversed. Using 
Eq. 12.4, this rule directly translates to classifying X into group | if 
Prl¥ = C,]Pr[X|Y = C,| > Pr[Y = Co] Pr[X|Y¥ = C4]. (12.5) 
6 Bayes’ Rule is examined in more detail in Sect. 13.6. 

288 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
1 4 — 
sen #7 ; _ aS ™~ 
Class 2 Pers ae 
8 pe 
Class1|, .qcctest gia” o 
ae 4 6 8 
Predictor 
Fig. 12.5: A single predictor is used to classify samples into two groups. The 
blue figures above each group represent the probability density function for 
a normal distribution determined by the class-specific means and variances 
We can easily extend this rule to the more-than-two group case. In this set- 
ting, we would classify X into group Cy if Pr[Y = C;|Pr[X|Y = C%] has the 
largest value across all of the C’ classes. 
Figure 12.5 illustrates this with a single predictor and two classes (the 
individual data points have been “jittered” to reduce their overlap). The blue 
illustrations above each group of data points are the probability density func- 
tion for the normal distribution for each of the classes (i.e., Pr[X|Y = Cj] 
and Pr|X|Y = C9]). Since there is a single predictor, a new sample is clas- 
sified by finding its value on the x-axis, then determining the value for each 
of the probability density functions for each class (in addition to the overall 
probability, Pr[X], found by pooling both groups). Suppose a new sample 
had a value of 4 for the predictor. The probability for Class 2 is virtually 0, 
so this sample would be predicted to belong to the first class. 
Since a single predictor is used for this example, it belies the complexity of 
using Bayes’ Rule in practice. For classification, the number of predictors is 
almost always greater than one and can be extremely large. In more realistic 
situations, how does one compute quantities such as Pr{|X|Y = Ce] in many 
dimensions?’ What multivariate probability distributions can be used to this 
effect? 
One special, often used scenario is to assume that the distribution of the 
predictors is multivariate normal. This distribution has two parameters: the 
multidimensional mean vector jg and covariance matrix Jy. Further, if we 
assume that the means of the groups are unique (i.e., a different pp for each 
group), but the covariance matrices are identical across groups, we can solve 
’ This situation is addressed again for the naive Bayes models in the next chapter. 

12.3 Linear Discriminant Analysis 289 
Eq. 12.5 or the more general multi-class problem to find the linear discrimi- 
nant function of the /th group: 
KES 0 5p ae + lon (Priv = Cp (12.6) 
In practice, the theoretical means, jue, are estimated by using the class-specific 
means (2%¢). The theoretical covariance matrix, ©, is likewise estimated by 
the observed covariance matrix of the data, S, and X is replaced with an 
observed sample, u. In the simple example in Fig. 12.5, the sample mean and 
variance of the data were sufficient to produce the probability distributions 
shown in blue. For two classes, the class-specific means and variances would 
be computed along with the sample covariance between the two predictors 
(to fill out the sample covariance matrix). 
Notice that Eq. 12.6 is a linear function in X and defines the separat- 
ing class boundaries. Hence the method’s name: LDA. A slight alteration in 
the assumptions—that the covariance matrices are not identical across the 
groups—leads to quadratic discriminant analysis, which will be described in 
pect, Lo. 
Fisher formulated the classification problem in a different way. In this 
approach, he sought to find the linear combination of the predictors such 
that the between-group variance was maximized relative to the within-group 
variance. In other words, he wanted to find the combination of the predictors 
that gave maximum separation between the centers of the data while at the 
same time minimizing the variation within each group of data. 
To illustrate this concept, Fig.12.6 is an analog to Fig.12.5. Here, the 
blue bars indicate the class-specific means. Since there is a single predictor, 
the between group variance is the square of the difference in these means. 
The within-group variance would be estimated by a variance that pools the 
variances of the predictor within each group (illustrated using the red bars 
in the figure). Taking a ratio of these two quantities is, in effect, a signal-to- 
noise ratio. Fisher’s approach determines linear combinations of the predic- 
tors to maximize the signal-to-noise ratio. Similar to the previous discussion 
of Welch’s approach, the situation becomes increasingly more complicated 
by adding additional predictors. The between- and within-group variances 
become complex calculations that involve the covariance structure of the 
predictors, etc. 
Mathematically, let B represent the between-group covariance matrix and 
W represent the within-group covariance matrix. Then Fisher’s problem can 
be formulated as finding the value of b such that 
b/Bb 
b/Wb 
is maximized. The solution to this optimization problem is the eigenvector 
corresponding to the largest eigenvalue of W~'B. This vector is a linear 
discriminant, and subsequent discriminants are found through the same op- 

290 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
- els 
CO | 
Class 2 am aD aRET! fife. 
Between K————_1 
Class 1 wo rlteee eMiatte F 
Within 
a ae 
4 6 8 
Predictor 
Fig. 12.6: The same data as shown in Fig. 12.5. Here, the between- and within- 
class variances are illustrated. The within-class ranges are based on the mean 
+ two standard deviations 
timization subject to the constraint that the new directions are uncorrelated 
with the previous discriminants. 
To make Fisher’s approach more concrete, let’s consider the two-group 
setting. Solving Eq. 12.7 for two groups gives the discriminant function of 
S~! (x, — X2), where S~! is the inverse of the covariance matrix of the data 
and is multiplied by the difference between the mean vectors of predictors for 
each group (i.e., X; contains the means of each predictor calculated from the 
class 1 data). In practice, a new sample, u, is projected onto the discriminant 
function as u/S~! (x; — X2), which returns a discriminant score. A new sam- 
ple is then classified into group 1 if the sample is closer to the group 1 mean 
than the group 2 mean in the projection: 
\o (u —%:)| - \o (u — X2)| < 0. (12.8) 
As a more complex illustration, Fig. 12.7 shows a data set with two classes 
and two predictors, A and B. The line A = B easily separates these two sets 
of points into distinct groups. However, this line is not the discriminant func- 
tion. Rather, the discriminant function is instead orthogonal to the line that 
separates them in space (see Fig. 12.8). With two predictors, the discriminant 
function for an unknown sample w is 

12.3 Linear Discriminant Analysis 291 
Predictor B 
Predictor A 
Fig. 12.7: A simple example of two groups of samples that are clearly sepa- 
rable 
Predictor B Class 
-5 O Ee li) =O eee e=—1 Ol) 2S 
Predictor A Discriminant Score 
Fig. 12.8: The line at approximately A = B is the vector that visually sepa- 
rates the two groups. Assessing class membership is determined by projecting 
a sample onto the discriminant vector (red arrow) and then calculating its 
distance from the mean for each group. The sample is then classified into the 
group which mean is closer. The box plots are the distribution of the samples 
for each class after LDA has been performed, illustrating the maximization 
of between-to-within group variation 

292 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
D(a) =u'S "Gy = x5) 
(Zia —f24)8% _ (Zip — F2B)8aB =UA 7 7 iar 7 / a Die) eee S'45B — SAB SA5B — SAB bs = a) == = 
(1— —Zop)8q (Zia — Z2a)SAB 
+ UB ames ee S'45B — SAB S45B — SAB 
Here, 7,4 is the sample mean for predictor A calculated using the data from 
only the first class; 724 is the sample mean for A for the second class (the 
notation is analogous for predictor B). Also, s%, is the sample variance for 
predictor A (computed with data from both classes), s7, is the sample variance 
for predictor B, and s 4, is the sample covariance between the two predictors. 
For this function, note that all of the predictor variances and the between- 
predictor covariance are used in this equation. When the number of predictors 
is large, the prediction equation requires a very large number of parameters 
to be estimated. For P = 2 and two classes, this equation uses four means 
and three variance parameters. In general, the model would require CP + 
P(P +1)/2 parameters with P predictors and C' classes. In comparison to 
logistic regression, a similar model would only estimate three parameters. 
This difference between the models becomes more significant as the number of 
predictors grow. However, the value of the extra parameters in LDA models is 
that the between-predictor correlations are explicitly handled by the model. 
This should provide some advantage to LDA over logistic regression when 
there are substantial correlations, although both models will break down 
when the multicollinearity becomes extreme. 
Fisher’s formulation of the problem makes intuitive sense, is easy to solve 
mathematically, and, unlike Welch’s approach, involves no assumptions about 
the underlying distributions of the data. The mathematical optimization con- 
strains the maximum number of discriminant functions that can be extracted 
to be the lesser of the number of predictors or one less than the number of 
groups. For example, if we have ten predictors and three groups, we can at 
most extract two linear discriminant vectors. Similar to PCA, the eigenvalues 
in this problem represent the amount of variation explained by each compo- 
nent of W~'B. Hence, LDA is a member of the latent variable routines like 
PCA and partial least squares (PLS). In practice, the number of discrimi- 
nant vectors is a tuning parameter that we would estimate using the usual 
approach of cross-validation or resampling with the appropriate performance 
criteria. 
Closely examining the linear discriminant function leads to two find- 
ings which are similar to what we observed with multiple linear regression 
(Sect. 6.2). First, the LDA solution depends on inverting a covariance matrix, 
and a unique solution exists only when this matrix is invertible. Just like in 
regression, this means that the data must contain more samples than pre- 
dictors, and the predictors must be independent (see the computing section 
for an approach to determining if the covariance matrix is invertible). When 

12.3 Linear Discriminant Analysis 293 
there are more samples than predictors, or when the predictors are extremely 
correlated, then just like in regression, a popular approach is to first perform 
PCA to reduce dimension and generate new uncorrelated predictor combina- 
tions. While this approach has been shown to work, the dimension reduction 
is uninformed about the class structure of the data. To incorporate the class 
structure into the dimension reduction, we recommend using PLSDA or reg- 
ularization methods (see following sections). Second, the linear discriminant 
function is a P-dimensional vector, the values of which are directly paired to 
the original predictors. The magnitudes of these values can be used to under- 
stand the contribution of each predictor to the classification of samples and 
provide some understanding and interpretation about the underlying system. 
From the above discussion, practitioners should be particularly rigorous 
in pre-processing data before using LDA. We recommend that predictors 
be centered and scaled and that near-zero variance predictors be removed. 
If the covariance matrix is still not invertible, then we recommend using 
PLS or a regularization approach. Similarly, we recommend using PLS or 
regularization methods (described in sections in this chapter) if there are more 
predictors than samples. Along the same lines, the practitioner must be aware 
of the number of samples relative to the number of predictors when using 
cross-validation routines for methods that depend on inverting a covariance 
matrix. For example, if the number of samples is 5% greater than the number 
of predictors for the training set, and we choose 10-fold cross-validation, then 
the covariance matrix will not be invertible for any of the folds since all of 
the folds will have fewer samples than predictors. 
We will now illustrate how LDA performs on the grant data. Since LDA 
is sensitive to near zero variance predictors and collinear predictors,we have 
reduced the predictor set to 253 predictors (including the squared day term 
as in logistic regression). Using this subset of predictors, the area under the 
ROC curve for the 2008 holdout set is 0.89. Table 12.4 shows the confusion 
matrix for these data and Fig. 12.9 displays the corresponding ROC curve. 
The light grey line in this plot also shows the ROC curve for the previous 
logistic regression model. 
As we mentioned above, examining the coefficients of the linear discrim- 
inant function can provide an understanding of the relative importance of 
predictors. The top 5 predictors based on absolute magnitude of discrimi- 
nant function coefficient are numeric day of the year (squared) (2.2), numeric 
day of the year (—1.9), the number of unsuccessful grants by chief investiga- 
tors (—0.62), the number of successful grants by chief investigators (0.58), and 
contract value band A (0.56). Note that this list contains several predictors 
that the univariate approach identified as being associated with the success of 
a grant submission. Here, the number of previous unsuccessful grant submis- 
sions by the chief investigator is inversely related to the number of previous 
successful grant submissions by the chief investigator and largest monetary 
categorization, which is intuitive. 

294 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
. a 1.0 
0.8 
Sensitivity 0.6 
0.4 
0.2 
0.0 
I T i T 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 12.9: The ROC curve for the 2008 holdout using LDA. The AUC is 0.89. 
The lightly shaded line is the ROC curve for the previous logistic regression 
model 
Table 12.4: The 2008 holdout set confusion matrix for the LDA model 
Observed class 
Successful Unsuccessful 
Successful 458 INA 
Unsuccessful 2 812 
This model had an overall accuracy of 81.6 %, a sensitivity of 80.4 %, and a specificity 
of 82.3% 
We can then project the 2008 holdout grants onto this linear discriminant 
vector and examine the distribution of the discriminant scores (Fig. 12.10). 
While there is overlap of the distributions for successful and unsuccessful 
grant applications, LDA yields decent classification performance—especially 
given that LDA is summarizing the entirety of the underlying relationships 
in one dimension (Table 12.4). 
When we have more samples than predictors, the covariance matrix is in- 
vertible, and the data can be decently separated by a linear hyperplane, then 
LDA will produce a predictively satisfying model that also provides some un- 
derstanding of the underlying relationships between predictors and response. 

12.3 Linear Discriminant Analysis 295 
unsuccessful| ee¢ eee 
successful om em------| @ |------ a er 
-5 0 3) 
Discriminant Value 
Fig. 12.10: Box plots of the discriminant scores for the 2008 holdout set 
The user should be aware, however, that there is a data set scenario that 
meets these basic requirements but will yield class probability estimates that 
are overly optimistic. Specifically, the user should be very cautious with LDA 
predicted class probabilities when the number of samples begins to approach 
the number of predictors. We will use a simple simulation to illustrate this 
cautionary note. For 500 samples we have generated data sets containing 10, 
100, 200, and 450 predictors all from a random normal population. The re- 
sponse for the samples was also randomly generated placing 250 samples in 
each category. Therefore, the predictors and response for each of these data 
sets have no relationship with each other. We will then build LDA models 
on each of these data sets and examine performance. As we would expect, 
the test set classification accuracy for each data set is approximately 50%. 
Since these data are completely random, we would also expect that the pre- 
dicted class probabilities for the test set should also be around 0.5. This is 
true when the number of predictors is small relative to the number of sam- 
ples. But as the number of predictors grows, the predicted class probabilities 
become closer to 0 and 1 (Fig. 12.11). At face value, these results seem coun- 
terintuitive: test set performance tells us that the model performs as good as 
a coin toss, but the model is extremely confident about classifying samples 
into each category. 
How can this be? It turns out that these seemingly contradictory conclu- 
sions are due to LDA’s mathematical construction. Recall that LDA finds an 
optimal discriminant vector. Geometrically, if the number of samples equals 
the number of predictors (or dimensions), then we can find at least one vec- 
tor that perfectly separates the samples. Consider the simplest case where 
we have two samples and two dimensions. As long as those samples are not 
in the same location, then we can find one vector (actually infinitely many ) 

296 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
O10 0:2 404" OIG s 108) 1:0 
| l | 
#Predictors=100 #Predictors=10 : 
[resisors=a00 WPredicos=450— | 
4 50 
) ; : - 30 
al 20 
= 10 
0) 
] I } 
010. O72" 0:4, (016 0:8 1:0 
Test Set Probabilites for Class #1 Percent of Total 
Fig. 12.11: Histograms of test set class probabilities for a simulated two- 
class example where all predictors are non-informative. As the number of 
predictors approaches the number of samples (500 in the training set), the 
class probabilities begin to diverge towards the two extremes (however, the 
overall accuracy remains near 50%) 
that perfectly separates the two samples. Three samples (two in one class and 
one in the other) in two dimensions can also be perfectly separated as long 
as the points are not on a straight line and the single point is not in between 
the other two from the other class. 
Obviously, this data scenario can lead to class probability estimates that 
are poorly calibrated (as discussed in Sect. 11.3). Due to this inherent problem 
with LDA, as well as its other fundamental requirements, we recommend that 
LDA be used on data sets that have at least 5-10 times more samples than 
predictors. Caution should be applied to LDA results when the ratio dips 
below 5. 

12.4 Partial Least Squares Discriminant Analysis 297 
Finally, similar to logistic regression, any predictors used in an LDA model 
can be transformed and included in the model, like what we observed with the 
squared numeric value of day of the year in Fig. 12.3. In addition, the practi- 
tioner can create cross-product (i.e., interaction) terms among the predictors. 
Taking this approach is one way to enable LDA to find nonlinear discriminant 
boundaries. Transforms of or interactions among predictors should only be in- 
cluded, however, if there is good reason to believe that meaningful predictive 
information exists through these additional predictors. Including additional 
uninformative predictors will degrade the predictive ability of LDA and could 
prevent the covariance matrix from being invertible. If the practitioner sus- 
pects that nonlinear structure exists between predictors and the classification 
outcome but is not sure which predictors are involved in this relationship, 
then we recommend using methods presented in the next chapter. 
12.4 Partial Least Squares Discriminant Analysis 
As we have noted numerous times throughout the previous chapters, retro- 
spectively or prospectively, measured predictors for any particular problem 
can be highly correlated or can exceed the number of samples collected. If 
either of these conditions is true, then the usual LDA approach cannot be 
directly used to find the optimal discriminant function. 
Just like in the regression setting, we can attempt to pre-process our data 
in a way that removes highly correlated predictors. If more complex corre- 
lation structure exist in the data or if the number of predictors still exceeds 
the number of samples (or the ratio of samples to predictors is too low), then 
PCA can be used to reduce the predictor-space dimension. However, as pre- 
viously discussed in Sect. 6.3, PCA may not identify the predictor combina- 
tions that optimally separate samples into groups. Recall that Fisher’s LDA 
objective was to find the subspace that maximized the between-to-within 
group variability. Since PCA does not take into consideration any of the re- 
sponse classification information, we would not expect it to find the optimal 
subspace for classification. Instead of taking this stepwise approach (PCA- 
then-LDA) to the overdetermined problem, we recommend using PLS for the 
purpose of discrimination. 
The application of PLS to a classification problem dates back to at least the 
mid 1980s (Berntsson and Wold 1986). As noted in the regression section, the 
original NIPALS algorithm was developed and refined in the chemometrics 
community. Not surprisingly, this community explored and extended the use 
of PLS to the classification setting and termed this technique PLS discrimi- 
nant analysis (or PLSDA). Dunn and Wold (1990), for example, illustrated 
PLSDA on a chemometrics pattern recognition example and showed that it 
provided a better separation of the samples into groups than the traditional 
PCA-then-LDA approach. 

298 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
To build intuition for why PLS would naturally extend to the classifica- 
tion setting, let’s briefly return to PLS for regression. Recall that PLS finds 
latent variables that simultaneously reduce dimension and maximize corre- 
lation with a continuous response value (see Fig. 6.9). In the classification 
setting for a two-group problem, we could naively use the samples’ class 
value (represented by 0’s and 1’s) as the response for this model. Given what 
we know about PLS for regression, we would then expect that the latent 
variables would be selected to reduce dimension while optimizing correlation 
with the categorical response vector. Of course, optimizing correlation isn’t 
the natural objective if classification is the goal—rather, minimizing misclas- 
sification error or some other objective related to classification would seem 
like a better approach. Despite this fact, PLSDA should do better since the 
group information is being considered while trying to reduce the dimension 
of the predictor space. 
Even though a correlation criterion is being used by PLS for dimension 
reduction with respect to the response, it turns out that this criterion happens 
to be doing the right thing. Before getting to the reason why that is true, we 
first must discuss a practical matter: coding of the response. For a two-group 
problem, the classes are encoded into a set of 0/1 dummy variables. With C 
classes, the results would be a set of C dummy variables where each sample 
has a one in the column representing the corresponding class.* As a result, the 
response in the data is represented by a matrix of dummy variables. Because 
of this, the problem cannot be solved by the PLS regression approach dis- 
played in Fig.6.9 and must move to the paradigm for a multivariate response. 
Applying PLS in the classification setting with a multivariate response 
has strong mathematical connections to both canonical correlation analysis 
and LDA [see Barker and Rayens (2003) for technical details]. Assuming the 
above coding structure for the outcome, Barker and Rayens (2003) showed 
that the PLS directions in this context were the eigenvectors of a slightly 
perturbed between-groups covariance matrix (i.e. B from LDA).? PLS is, 
therefore, seeking to find optimal group separation while being guided by 
between-groups information. In contrast, PCA seeks to reduce dimension 
using the total variation as directed by the overall covariance matrix of the 
predictors. 
This research provides a clear rationale for choosing PLS over PCA when 
dimension reduction is required when attempting classification. However, Liu 
* Mathematically, if we know C — 1 of the dummy variables, then the value of the 
last dummy variable is directly implied. Hence, it is also possible to only use C — 1 
dummy variables. 
° The perturbed covariance structure is due to the optimality constraints for the 
response matrix. Barker and Rayens (2003) astutely recognized that the response 
optimality constraint in this setting did not make sense, removed the constraint, and 
resolved the problem. Without the response-space constraint, the PLS solution is one 
that involves exactly the between-group covariance matrix. 

12.4 Partial Least Squares Discriminant Analysis 299 
Table 12.5: The 2008 holdout set confusion matrix for the PLS model 
Observed class 
Successful Unsuccessful 
Successful 490 220 
Unsuccessful 80 767 
This model had an overall accuracy of 80.7%, a sensitivity of 86%, and a specificity 
of 77.7%. The reduced set of predictors were used to generate this matrix 
and Rayens (2007) point out that if dimension reduction is not necessary and 
classification is the goal, then LDA will always provide a lower misclassifica- 
tion rate than PLS. Hence, LDA still has a necessary place in the classification 
toolbox. 
Exactly like PLS for regression, there is one tuning parameter: the num- 
ber of latent variables to be retained. When performing LDA on the grant 
data, the reduced set of predictors described on page 278 was used (which 
eliminated near zero variance predictors and predictors that caused extreme 
collinearity) with the additional squared term for the day of the year. PLS, 
however, can produce a model under these conditions. Performance of PLS, 
as we will shortly see, is affected when including predictors that contain lit- 
tle or no predictive information. Running PLS on the full set of predictors 
produces an optimal model with an area under the curve ROC of 0.87 based 
on six components (see Fig. 12.12), a sensitivity of 83.7%, and a specificity of 
77%. These ROC results are slightly worse than the LDA model, so should 
we be surprised by this? After all, we included more predictors. Actually, 
including predictors that contain very little or no information about the re- 
sponse degrades the performance of a PLS model. For more details on this 
phenomenon, see Sect. 19.1. 
If PLS performs worse than LDA using a larger set of predictors, then the 
next logical step would be to examine PLS performance using the reduced 
set of predictors (also used by LDA).'° We know from the work of Liu and 
Rayens (2007) that LDA should outperform PLS in terms of minimizing 
misclassification errors. For this problem we have chosen to optimize ROC. 
Using this criterion will LDA still outperform PLS? The optimal number of 
PLS components with the reduced set of predictors is 4, with a corresponding 
ROC of 0.89 (Fig. 12.12) and confusion matrix presented in Table 12.5. The 
smaller set of predictors improves the ROC, uses fewer components to get 
to that value, and attains a value that is equivalent to the LDA model’s 
performance. 
10 As a reminder, the set of predictors is not being selected on the basis of their asso- 
ciation with the outcome. This unsupervised selection should not produce selection 
bias, which is an issue described in Sect. 19.5. 

300 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
Full Set o Reduced Set ~ 
= 0.88 (3) 
5 
7 3 0.86 13 
c 
(<2) 
(=o; 
q © 0.84 
o) [am 
0.82 
2 4 6 8 10 
# Components 
Fig. 12.12: ROC values by component for PLS for the grant data using two 
sets of predictors. The ROC curve has a maximum area with six components 
when using all predictors. When using the reduced subset of predictors, the 
ROC curve has a maximum area with four components 
Recall that PLSDA encodes the response as a set of 0/1 dummy variables. 
Since PLS is a linear model, the predictions for the PLSDA model are not 
constrained to lie between 0 and 1. The final class is determined by the class 
with the largest model prediction. However, the raw model predictions require 
post-processing if class probabilities are required. The softmaz approach pre- 
viously described in Sect.11.1 can be used for this purpose. However, our 
experience with this technique is that it does not produce meaningful class 
probabilities—the probabilities are not usually close to 0 or 1 for the most 
confident predictions. An alternative approach is to use Bayes’ Rule to con- 
vert the original model output into class probabilities (Fig. 12.13). This tends 
to yield more meaningful class probabilities. One advantage of using Bayes’ 
Rule is that the prior probability can be specified. This can be important 
when the data include one or more rare classes. In this situation, the training 
set may be artificially balanced and the specification of the prior probability 
can be used to generate more accurate probabilities. Figure 12.14 shows the 
class probabilities for the year 2008 grants.!! While there is overlap between 
‘1 Recall that the models are built on the pre-2008 data and then tuned based on 
the year 2008 holdout set. These predictions are from the PLSDA model with four 
components created using only the pre-2008 data. 

12.4 Partial Least Squares Discriminant Analysis 301 
‘Ss be 
Sensitivity 0.6 0.8 
0.4 
0.2 
0.0 
I I I ] I ai 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 12.13: The ROC curve for the 2008 holdout data using PLS (black). The 
AUC is 0.89. The ROC curve for LDA and logistic regression are overlaid 
(grey) for comparison. All three methods perform similarly 
unsuccessful 
True Class 
successful CC a a IPS aaa a 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
Probability of Success 
Fig. 12.14: Box plots for the PLSDA class probabilities of the 2008 holdout 
set calculated using Bayes’ Rule 

302 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
a eae == N 
ContractValueBandUnk a 
SponsorUnk —_—_—e 
Jan 
Unsuccess.Cl —° 
ContractValueBandA 
Day 
Aug 
Sun 
Success.Cl 
Day2 
ContractValueBandE 
GrantCat10A 
GrantCat30B 
ContractValueBandD 
ContractValueBandF 
ContractValueBandG 
Sponsor24D 
Sponsor21A 
Sponsor2B 
NumSR 
T T 
0.01 0.02 0.03 0.04 0.05 
Importance 
Fig. 12.15: Partial least squares variable importance scores for the grant data 
the classes, the distributions are properly shifted; probabilities tend to be 
higher for the truly successful grants and low for the unsuccessful grants. 
As in the regression setting, we can identify PLS predictor importance 
(Fig. 12.15). For the data at hand, the unknown contract value band has a 
relatively large importance as compared with the other predictors. Similar to 
LDA, the success or lack of success of the chief investigator float towards the 
top of the importance list. Other important predictors to the PLS classifica- 
tion model are contract values, a number of other grant categories, and the 
months of January and August. Interestingly, Sunday falls towards the top 
of the list also. 
Finally, if nonlinear relationships between the predictors and response exist 
and the practitioner desires to use PLS to find these relationships then the 
approaches presented in Sect. 6.3 can be employed. 
12.5 Penalized Models 
Similar to the regularization methods discussed in Sect. 6.4, many classifica- 
tion models utilize penalties (or regularization) to improve the fit to the data, 
such as the lasso. In later sections, penalties for inherently nonlinear models, 
such as support vector machines and neural networks, are discussed. 
For example, one might include a penalty term for the logistic regression 
model in a manner that is very similar to ridge regression. Recall that logis- 

12.5 Penalized Models 303 
tic regression finds parameter values that maximizes the binomial likelihood 
function, L(p) (see Eq. 12.1). A simple approach to regularizing this model 
would be to add a squared penalty function to the log likelihood and find 
parameter estimates that maximize 
P 
log L(p) — Ne Be. 
j=l 
Eilers et al. (2001) and Park and Hastie (2008) discuss this model in the con- 
text of data where there are a large number of predictors and a small training 
set sample. In these situations, the penalty term can stabilize the logistic re- 
gression model coefficients.!? As with ridge regression, adding a penalty can 
also provide a countermeasure against highly correlated predictors. 
Recall that another method for regularizing linear regression models is to 
add a penalty based on the absolute values of the regression coefficients (sim- 
ilar to the lasso model of Sect. 6.4). The glmnet model (Friedman et al. 2010) 
uses a lasso-like penalty on the binomial (or multinomial) likelihood function. 
Like the lasso, this results in regression coefficients with values of absolute 0, 
thus simultaneously accomplishing regularization and feature selection at the 
same time. The glmnet models uses ridge and lasso penalties simultaneously, 
like the elastic net, but structures the penalty slightly differently: 
P P 1 logo) = (Pa), S- BF +a ~ |B; 2 = =" 
Here, the a value is the “mixing proportion” that toggles between the pure 
lasso penalty (when a@ = 1) and a pure ridge-regression-like penalty (a@ = 0). 
The other tuning parameter \ controls the total amount of penalization. 
For the grant data, the glmnet model was tuned over seven values of the 
mixing parameter a@ and 40 values of the overall amount of penalization. The 
full set of predictors was used in the model. Figure 12.16 shows a heat map 
of the area under the ROC curve for these models. The data favor models 
with a larger mix of the ridge penalty than the lasso penalty, although there 
are many choices in this grid that are comparable. The bottom row of the 
heat map indicates that a complete ridge solution is poor regardless of the 
magnitude of the penalty. In the end, the numerically optimal settings are a 
mixing percentage of 0.1 and a value of 0.19 for the regularization amount. 
These settings had the effect of using only 44 predictors out of 1,070 in 
the final glmnet model, which achieved an area under the ROC curve of 
'2 Another method for adding this penalty is discussed in the next chapter using 
neural networks . In this case, a neural network with weight decay and a single hidden 
unit constitutes a penalized logistic regression model. However, neural networks do 
not necessarily use the binomial likelihood when determining parameter estimates 
(see Sect. 13.2). 

304 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
Area Under the ROC Curve 
0.90 
2 0.8 
8 De 
or 06 0.88 
(= il 
oO | 
Or 4 
2 i os 0.86 
D | S| BY (0) 
=$ 0.84 ao) 
fi aOR 
0.82 
N 
lelololoyolololojoloyelojeleyjololelejejalolojeyojejoeloloyoleyjoleleyelejoeyoeyeyoye) 
Amount of Regularization 
Sensitivity 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 12.16: Top: A heat map of the area under the ROC curve for the two 
glmnet tuning parameters. The numerically optimal settings are a mixing 
percentage of 0.1 and a value of 0.19 for the regularization amount. Bottom: 
The ROC curve for 2008 holdout data using Ene the model (area under 
the ROC curve: 0.91) 

12.5 Penalized Models 305 
0.90 
0.88 
0.86 
0.84 
ROC AUC (2008 Hold—Out Data) 0.82 
| i T Lf 
1040.0 10°05 1041.0 1041.5 1042.0 1042.5 1043.0 
# Predictors 
Sensitivity 
I ~ T I 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 12.17: Top: The tuning parameter profile for the sparse LDA model 
Bottom: The ROC curve for the model (AUC = 0.901) 
0.91. The previous logistic regression model which used the reduced set of 
predictors resulted in an AUC of 0.87, indicating that the methodical removal 
of noninformative predictors increased the effectiveness of the model. Other 
approaches to supervised feature selection are discussed in Chap. 19. 
Alternatively, penalization strategies can be applied to LDA models. For 
example, Clemmensen et al. (2011) use this technique with LDA models using 

306 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
the flexible discriminant analysis. (FDA) framework described in Sects. 13.1 
and 13.3. In this model, an elastic-net strategy is used; L; penalties have the 
effect of eliminating predictors while an L2 penalty shrinks the coefficients of 
the discriminant functions towards 0. Other approaches to penalizing LDA 
models are described by Witten and Tibshirani (2009) and Witten and Tib- 
shirani (2011), which contain references to many earlier works. The same 
lasso penalty has also been applied to PLS discriminant models so that some 
of the PLS loadings are also eliminated (Chung and Keles 2010). 
The penalized LDA model of Clemmensen et al. (2011) was applied to the 
grant data. The software for this model allows the user to specify the number 
of retained predictors as a tuning parameter (instead of the value of the L, 
penalty). The model was tuned over this parameter as well as the value of 
the Lz penalty. Figure 12.17 shows the results for a single value of the ridge 
penalty (there was very little difference in performance across a range of 
values for this penalty). There is moderate performance when the number of 
predictors is close to the maximum. As the penalty increases and predictors 
are eliminated, performance improves and remains relatively constant until 
important factors are removed. At this point, performance falls dramatically. 
As a result of the tuning process, six predictors were used in the model which 
is competitive to other models (an AUC of 0.9). 
12.6 Nearest Shrunken Centroids 
The nearest-shrunken centroid model (also known as PAM, for predictive 
analysis for microarrays) is a linear classification model that is well suited for 
high-dimensional problems (Tibshirani et al. 2002, 2003; Guo et al. 2007). For 
each class, the centroid of the data is found by taking the average value of 
each predictor (per class) in the training set. The overall centroid is computed 
using the data from all of the classes. 
If a predictor does not contain much information for a particular class, its 
centroid for that class is likely to be close to the overall centroid. Consider 
the three class data shown in the left panel of Fig. 12.18. This data set is 
the famous Fisher/Anderson iris data where four measurements of iris sepals 
and petals are used to classify flowers into one of three different iris species: 
setosa, versicolor, and virginica. In this plot, the data for the versicolor and 
virginica classes overlap but are well separated from the setosa irises. The 
centroids for the sepal width dimension are shown as grey symbols above the 
x-axis. The virginica centroid (for sepal width) is very close to the overall 
centroid, and the versicolor centroid is slightly closer to the overall centroid 
than the setosa flowers. This indicates that the sepal width predictor is most 
informative for distinguishing the setosa species from the other two. For sepal 
length (shown adjacent to the y-axis), the versicolor centroid is very close to 
the center of the data and the other two species are on the extremes. 

12.6 Nearest Shrunken Centroids 307 
setosa © versicolor © virginica « setosa versicolor © virginica 
= ll ee 1 : | es | 1 1 = 
A & 4 rn 2 rn 
Og 
rs & 
a ss i 
S rN A” A = 
2 a A432 ate. D 
(ab) fa * A 8 ie oO 
Og A £% Bevis) a 
ov) Aa _ 386 0) ion BS s fos o s "aie e a 4 6 
5 : e928 S,°° + Say : 6 e e 
4 45 
T ——_a ax = T I [sae T as lemeearrat | 
PAO) Peey 80) Shay 40) AA) “2G yO) shi) 20) 
Sepal Width Sepal Width 
Fig. 12.18: Left: An example with three classes, their class-specific centroids 
(in black), and the overall centroid (x). The grey symbols along the axes are 
the centroids projected down into a single dimension. Right: The paths of the 
class centroids when shrunken to the center of the distributions 
One approach to classifying unknown samples would be to find the closest 
class centroid in the full dimensional space and choose that class for prediction 
(i.e., a “nearest centroid” model). It turns out that this approach would result 
in linear class boundaries. 
The approach taken by Tibshirani et al. (2002) is to shrink the class cen- 
troids closer to the overall centroid. In doing this, centroids that start off 
closer to the overall centroid move to that location before others. For exam- 
ple, in the sepal width dimension, the virginica centroid will reach the center 
before the other two. For this model, once the class centroid meets the overall 
centroid, it no longer influences the classification of samples for that class. 
Again, for sepal width, once the virginica centroid reaches the center, the 
sepal width can only be used to classify flowers that are versicolor or setosa. 
With enough shrinkage, it is possible for all the classes to be shrunken to the 
center. In the case that a predictor reaches the centroid, it has no effect on 
the model. Consequently, the nearest shrunken centroid model also conducts 
feature selection during the model training process. 
The nearest shrunken centroid method has one tuning parameter: shrink- 
age. The right panel in Fig. 12.18 shows the path of the centroids over dif- 
ferent shrinkage values. Note that each predictor moves diagonally towards 
the center until one of the class-specific centroids reaches the center. At this 
point, the classes move in a single dimension towards the center. Centering 
and scaling the predictors is recommended for this model. 

308 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
This model works well for problems with a large number of predictors 
since it has built-in feature selection that is controlled by the shrinkage tun- 
ing parameter. Nearest shrunken centroids were originally developed for RNA 
profiling data, where the number of predictors is large (in the many thou- 
sands) and the number of samples is small. Most RNA profiling data sets 
have less than one or two hundred samples. In this low n, high P scenario, 
the data probably cannot support a highly nonlinear model and linear classi- 
fication boundaries are a good choice. Also, the prior class probabilities along 
with the distances between the class centroids and the overall centroid can be 
used to produce class probabilities. Variable importance scores are calculated 
using the difference between the class centroids to the overall centroid (larger 
absolute values implying higher model importance). 
For the grant data, the full set of 1,070 predictors was evaluated. The 
model was tuned over 30 values of the shrinkage parameter, ranging from 0 
(implying very little shrinkage and feature selection) to 25 (Fig. 12.19). With 
large amounts of shrinkage, almost no predictors are retained and the area 
under the ROC curve is very poor. When the threshold is lowered to ap- 
proximately 17, five predictors have been added: the number of unsuccessful 
grants by chief investigators, unknown sponsor, contract value band A, un- 
known contract value band, and submission month of January. The addition 
of these predictors clear has a large impact on the model fit. At the curve’s 
apex (a shrinkage value of 2.59), important variables begin to be removed 
and under-fitting commences as the amount of shrinkage is increased. The 
sharp peak at a threshold of 8.6 is curious. The increase is associated with 
the removal of two predictors: sponsor code 2B and contract value band F. 
However, the next shrinkage value removes three additional predictors (con- 
tract value band D, contract value band E, and contract value band G) but 
this results in a appreciable drop in the area under the ROC curve. This spu- 
rious jump in performance is likely due to the fact that only a single holdout 
is used to measure performance. The true relationship between performance 
and shrinkage is likely to be more smooth than is demonstrated by this fig- 
ure. At the best threshold, the area under the ROC curve was 0.87 using 36 
predictors. The sensitivity was 83.7% and the specificity was 77% for the 
year 2008 holdout data. The ROC curve is also shown in Fig. 12.19. 
12.7 Computing 
This section discussed the following R packages: AppliedPredictiveModeling, 
caret, glmnet, MASS, pamr, pls, pROC, rms, sparseLDA, and subselect. 

12.7 Computing 309 
L ! 
s ji 
8 08 
= 
9 KS) 
1S 
aE. (0), 7/ 
(ee) 
©. 
2) 
Nv 
S iz OG 
oO O 
om 
OF 
T T | T lion T 
0 5 10 NS) 20 25 
Shrinkage Threshold 
Sensitivity 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 12.19: Top: The tuning parameter profile for the nearest shrunken cen- 
troid model. Bottom: The ROC curve for the model (AUC = 0.873) 
The grant application data can be found at the Kaggle web site.'? The R 
package AppliedPredictiveModeling contains scripts that can be used to repro- 
duce the objects and analyses given here. 
13 http: //www.kaggle.com/c/unimelb. 

310 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
Following the data splitting approach described in the first section, there 
are two data frames with grant data: training contains the pre-2008 data 
and 2008 holdout set used to tune the model while the data frame testing 
has only year 2008 grant data and is not used until a later chapter. A vector 
called pre2008 has the row indices of the 6,633 training set grants prior to 
2008 (see Table 12.2 for a summary of the data splitting strategy). 
Most of the predictors in this set are binary. For example the RFCD 
codes, SEO codes, sponsors, and contract value band categories are con- 
tained in individual binary values with identifying prefixes, such as RFCD or 
ContractValueBand.!+ When the value was unknown, a specific dummy vari- 
able is created for this situation, such as SponsorUnk. Binary dummy variables 
also exist for the submission month and day of the week. 
In addition, there exist count and continuous predictors such as the fre- 
quencies of each role associated with the grant. For example, NumcI and NumEA 
are the number of chief investigators and external advisors on the grant, re- 
spectively. The number of persons with unspecified roles is captured in the 
predictor numUnk. Similar count predictors are also in the data, such as the 
number of people born within a time frame (e.g., CI.1925 for chief investiga- 
tors born between 1925 and 1930), the number born in a certain region (e.g., 
HV.Australia), and their degree status (e.g., ECI.PhD). The number of previ- 
ously successful and unsuccessful grants are enumerated with the predictors 
Unsuccess.PS or Success.CI. The publication information is represented in two 
ways. First, the totals for each role, such as B.CI or Astar.CI, are available as 
well as the total counts across all the individuals (AstarTotal) or all journal 
types (all1Pub). 
The calendar day of the year is stored as a numeric variable. 
Finally, the class outcome is contained in a column called Class with levels 
successful and unsuccessful. 
As was illustrated in the regression sections of this book, different models 
have different constraints on the types of data that can be used. As pre- 
viously discussed, two general groupings of predictors were created: the set 
of predictors that contain the full set of binary dummy variables and count 
data and the reduced set that was filtered for near-zero variance predictors 
and extremely correlated predictors. For example, the columns AstarTotal, 
ATotal, BTotal, and CTotal all add up to the column allPub. In the reduced 
set, allPub was removed. Similarly, one dummy variable for month and one 
for a day of the week should also be removed from the reduced set. The two 
columns with the lowest frequencies, Mar and Sun, were eliminated from the 
reduced set. 
'4 In a later chapter, several models are discussed that can represent the categorical 
predictors in different ways. For example, trees can use the dummy variables in splits 
but can often create splits based on one or more groupings of categories. In that 
chapter, factor versions of these predictors are discussed at length. 

12.7 Computing rail! 
Two character vectors were created for the purpose of specifying either 
group: fullSet and reducedSet: 
> length (fullSet) 
{1] 1070 
> head(fullSet) 
[1] "NumCI" "NumDR" "NumEA" "NumECI" "NumHV"  "NumPs" 
> length (reducedSet) 
[1] 252 
> head (reducedSet) 
(1] "NumCI" "NumDR" "NumECI" "NumPS" "NumSR" "NumSCI" 
How can extreme collinearity problems (such as linear combinations) be di- 
agnosed? The trim.matrix function in subselect takes a square, symmetric 
matrix (such as the covariance matrix) and uses an algorithm to eliminate 
linear combinations. For example, the reduced set has no such issues: 
> reducedCovMat <- cov(training[, reducedSet]) 
> library (subselect) 
> trimmingResults <- trim.matrix(reducedCovMat) 
> names (trimmingResults) 
{1] "trimmedmat" "numbers.discarded" "names.discarded" 
{4 "size" 
> ## See if any predictors were eliminated: 
> trimmingResults$names.discarded 
character (0) 
However, when we apply the same function to the full set, several predictors 
are identified: 
Vv fullCovMat <- cov(training[, fullSet]) 
fullSetResults <- trim.matrix(fullCovMat) Vv 
Vv ## A different choices for the day to exclude was 
## made by this function Vv 
> fullSetResults$names.discarded 
{1] "NumDR" UPS LOD Si "CI.Dept1798" "PS.Dept3268" "PS.Faculty1" 
(6] "DurationUnk" "ATotal" "Nov" "Sun" 
Another function in the caret package called findLinearCombos follows a similar 
methodology but does not require a square matrix. 
When developing models, train is used to tune parameters on the basis 
of the ROC curve. To do this, a control function is needed to obtain the 
results of interest. The caret function trainControl is used for this purpose. 
First, to compute the area under the ROC curve, the class probabilities must 
be generated. By default, train only generates class predictions. The option 
classProbs can be specified when probabilities are needed. Also by default, 

ely 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
overall accuracy and the Kappa statistic are used to evaluate the model. 
caret contains a built-in function called twoClassSummary that calculates the 
area under the ROC curve, the sensitivity, and the specificity. To achieve 
these goals, the syntax would be: 
> ctrl <- trainControl(summaryFunction = twoClassSummary, 
is classProbs = TRUE) 
However, at the start of the chapter, a data splitting scheme was developed 
that built the model on the pre-2008 data and then used the 2008 holdout 
data (in the training set) to tune the model. To do this, train must know 
exactly which samples to use when estimating parameters. The index argu- 
ment to trainControl identifies these samples. For any resampling method, 
a set of holdout samples can be exactly specified. For example, with 10-fold 
cross-validation, the exact samples to be excluded for each of the 10-folds 
are identified with this option. In this case, index identifies the rows that 
correspond to the pre-2008 data. The exact syntax should package these row 
numbers in a list (in case there is more than one holdout). Recall that the 
vector pre2008 contains the locations of the grants submitted prior to 2008. 
The call to trainControl is: 
ctrl <- trainControl(method = "LGOCV", 
summaryFunction = twoClassSummary, 
classProbs = TRUE, 
index = list(TrainSet = pre2008)) 
Note that, once the tuning parameters have been chosen using year 2008 
performance estimates, the final model is fit with all the grants in the training 
set, including those from 2008. 
Finally, for illustrative purposes, we need to save the predictions of the year 
2008 grants based on the pre-2008 model (i.e., before the final model is re-fit 
with all of the training data). The savePredictions argument accomplishes 
this goal: 
ctrl <- trainControl(method = "LGOCV", 
summaryFunction = twoClassSummary, 
classProbs = TRUE, 
index = list(TrainSet = pre2008), 
savePredictions = TRUE) 
Since many of the models described in this text use random numbers, the 
seed for the random number generator is set prior to running each model so 
that the computations can be reproduced. A seed value of 476 was randomly 
chosen for this chapter. 
Logistic Regression 
The gim function (for GLMs) in base R is commonly used to fit logistic re- 
gression models. The syntax is similar to previous modeling functions that 

12.7 Computing 313 
work from the formula method. For example, to fit the model shown in the 
left panel of Fig. 12.3 for the pre-2008 data: 
> levels (training$Class) 
{1] "successful" "unsuccessful" 
> modelFit <- glm(Class ~ Day, 
a ## Select the rows for the pre-2008 data: 
+ data = training[pre2008,], 
+ ## '‘family' relates to the distribution of the data. 
+ ## A value of 'binomial' is used for logistic regression 
22 family = binomial) 
> modelFit 
Call: glm(formula = Class ~ Day, family = binomial, data = training[pre2008, 
}) 
Coefficients: 
(Intercept) Day 
-0.91934 0.00424 
Degrees of Freedom: 6632 Total (i.e. Null); 6631 Residual 
Null Deviance: 9190 
Residual Deviance: 8920 AIC: 8920 
The gim function treats the second factor level as the event of interest. Since 
the slope is positive for the day of the year, it indicates an increase in the 
rate of unsuccessful grants. To get the probability of a successful grant, we 
subtract from one: 
> successProb <- 1 - predict(modelFit, 
+ ## Predict for several days 
+ newdata = data.frame(Day = c(10, 150, 300, 
350)), 
+ ## glm does not predict the class, but can 
+ ## produce the probability of the event 
> type = "response") 
> successProb 
1 2 3 4 
0.70619 0.57043 0.41287 0.36262 
To add the nonlinear term for the day of the year, the previous formula is 
augmented as follows: 
> daySquaredModel <- glm(Class ~ Day + I(Day“2), 
we data = training[pre2008,], 
+ family = binomial) 
> daySquaredModel 
Call: glm(formula = Class ~ Day + I(Day~2), family = binomial, 
data = training[pre2008, 
]) 
Coefficients: 
(Intercept) Day I(Day~2) 
-1.881341 0.018622 -0.000038 

314 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
Degrees of Freedom: 6632 Total (i.e. Null); 6630 Residual 
Null Deviance: 9190 
Residual Deviance: 8720 INEGI eH ASK0) 
The gim function does not have a non-formula method, so creating models 
with a large number of predictors takes a little more work. An alternate 
solution is shown below. 
Another R function for logistic model is in the package associated with Har- 
rell (2001), called rms (for Regression Modeling Strategies). The 1rm function 
is very similar to gim and includes helper functions. For example, a restricted 
cubic spline is a tool for fitting flexible nonlinear functions of a predictor. For 
the day of the year: . 
> library (rms) 
> resFit <- Irm(Class ~ rcs(Day), data = training/pre2008, ]) 
> Eeskit 
Logistic Regression Model 
lrm(formula = Class ~ rcs(Day), data = training[pre2008, ]) 
Model Likelihood Discrimination Rank Discrim. 
Ratio Test Indexes Indexes 
Obs 6633 LR chi2 461.53 R2 0.090 C 0.614 
successful 3233 (3 Wate, 4 g 0.538 Dxy 0.229 
unsuccessful 3400 Pr(> chi2) <0.0001 gr Cals} gamma 0.242 
max |deriv| 2e-06 gp O22 tau-a 0.114 
Brier 0.234 
Coef S.E. Wald Z Pr(>|Z\) 
Intercept -1.6833 0.1110 -15.16 <0.0001 
Day 0.0124 0.0013 9.24 <0.0001 
Day' -0.0072 0.0023 -3.17 0.0015 
Day'' O° 01930-0367 105206000 
0 Dayan -0.0888 0.1026 -0.87 0.3866 
The 1rm function, like gim, models the probability of the second factor level. 
The bottom table in the output shows p-values for the different nonlinear 
components of the restricted cubic spline. Since the p-values for the first three 
nonlinear components are small, this indicates that a nonlinear relationship 
between the class and day should be used. The package contains another 
function, Predict, which quickly create a prediction profile across one or more 
variables. For example, the code 
> dayProfile <- Predict(rcsFit, 
+ ## Specify the range .of the plot variable 
- Day = 0:365, 
+ ## Flip the prediction to get the model for 
+ ## successful grants 
+ fun = function(x) -x) 
> plot(dayProfile, ylab = "Log Odds") 

12.7 Computing cSyll!5) 
ins) Y 
1.0 2) 
12) 
ge) 
© 40.5 D 
(e) 
=] 
0.0 
-0.5 
T T <a Sie  o T 
0 100 200 300 
Day 
Fig. 12.20: A restricted cubic spline fit for the day of the year produce gen- 
erated by the rms package. The grey bands are confidence limits on the log 
odds 
produces the image in Fig. 12.20. The fun argument changes the signs of the 
prediction so that the plot reflects the probability of a successful grant. From 
this plot, it is apparent that a quadratic term for the day of the year would 
approximate the trends shown by the spline. 
The rms package contains many more relevant functions, including resam- 
pling techniques for model validation and model visualization functions. See 
Harrell (2001) for details of the methodologies and R code. 
For a large set of predictors, the formula method for specifying models can 
be cumbersome. As in previous chapters, the train function can efficiently 
fit and validate models. For logistic regression, train provides an interface 
to the gim function that bypasses a model formula, directly produces class 
predictions, and calculates the area under the ROC curve and other metrics. 
Prior to fitting the model, we augment the data set and predictor groups 
with the squared day variable: 
> training$Day2 <- training$Day~2 
> fullSet <- c(fullSet, "Day2") 
> reducedSet <- c(reducedSet, "Day2") 
For the grant data, the code that fits a model with the full predictor set 
is: 
> library (caret) 
> set.seed(476) 
> IrFull <- train(training[,fullSet], 
ot y = training$Class, 
sts method = "glm", 
+ metric = "ROC", 
a trControl = ctrl) 

316 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
> irFull . 
8190 samples 
1071 predictors 
2 classes: 'successful', 'unsuccessful' 
No pre-processing 
Resampling: Repeated Train/Test Splits (1 reps, 0.75%) 
Summary of sample sizes: 6633 
Resampling results 
ROC Sens Spec 
ONS Olan = Oln6 
Note that the top of this output reflects that 8,190 grants were used, but 
the “Summary of sample sizes” lists a value of 6,633 data points. This lat- 
ter number reflects the single set of pre-2008 samples (see Table 12.2). The 
“Resampling Results’ is actually the performance estimate of the 2008 hold- 
out set. 
To create a model with the smaller predictor set: 
set.seed(476) 
lrReduced <- train(training[,reducedSet], 
y = training$Class, 
method = "gim", 
metric = "ROC", 
trconutrol = ctrl) Ce Se Sa a 
> 1lrReduced 
8190 samples 
253 predictors 
2 classes: 'successful', ‘unsuccessful' 
No pre-processing 
Resampling: Repeated Train/Test Splits (1 reps, 0.75%) 
Summary of sample sizes: 6633 
Resampling results 
ROC Sens Spec 
0.87 0.8 0.82 
Like the LDA analysis, removal of the near-zero variance predictors has a 
positive effect on the model fit. The predictions for the holdout set (of year 
2008 grants) is contained in the sub-object pred: 

12.7 Computing 
> head (1rReduced$pred) 
6634 
6635 
6636 
6637 
6639 
6642 
6634 
6635 
6636 
6637 
6639 
6642 successful successful 
successful successful 
successful successful 
successful successful 
successful successful pred obs successful unsuccessful rowIndex .parameter 
0.99878 0.0012238 6634 none 
0.85151 0.1484924 6635 none 
0.92019 0.0798068 6636 none 
0.96694 0.0330572 6637 none 
0.98928 0.0107160 6638 none 
0.57563 0.4243729 6639 none successful successful 
Resample 
TrainSet 
TrainSet 
TrainSet 
TrainSet 
TrainSet 
TrainSet 37 
Note the column in the output labeled .parameter. When train saves predic- 
tions, it does so for every tuning parameter. This column in the output is 
used to label which model generated the predictions. This version of logistic 
regression has no tuning parameters, so .parameter has a single value ("none"). 
From these data, the confusion matrix can be computed: 
> confusionMatrix(data = 1lrReduced$pred$pred, 
1lrReduced$pred$obs) + reference 
Confusion Matrix and Statistics 
Reference 
Prediction successful unsuccessful 
successful 458 176 
unsuccessful 112 811 
Accuracy 0.815 
Ob) mel (0.795, 0.834) 
No Information Rate 0.634 
P-Value [Acc > NIR] < 2e-16 
Kappa : 0.611 
Mcnemar's Test P-Value 0.000205 
Sensitivity : 0.804 
Specificity : 0.822 
Pos Pred Value : 0.722 
Neg Pred Value : 0.879 
Prevalence : 0.366 
Detection Rate : 0.294 
Detection Prevalence 0.407 
'Positive' Class successful 

318 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
These results match the values shown above for 1rReduced. The ROC curve 
can also be computed and plotted using the pROC package: 
> reducedRoc <- roc(response = lrReduced$pred$obs, 
ah predictor = 1rReduced$pred$successful, 
+ levels = rev(levels(1rReduced$pred$obs) )) 
> plot (reducedRoc, legacy.axes = TRUE) 
Vv auc (reducedRoc) 
Area under the curve: 0.872 
Linear Discriminant Analysis 
A popular function for creating LDA models is 1da in the MASS package. The 
input to this function can either be a formula and data frame or a matrix 
of predictors and a grouping variable as a factor which contains the class 
membership information. We can fit the LDA model as follows: 
library (MASS) 
## First, center and scale the data 
grantPreProcess <- preProcess(training[pre2008, reducedSet] ) 
grantPreProcess VOW NE OW 
Call: 
preProcess.default(x = training[pre2008, reducedSet]) 
Created from 6,633 samples and 253 variables 
Pre-processing: centered, scaled 
scaledPre2008 <- predict(grantPreProcess, 
newdata = training[pre2008, reducedSet]) 
scaled2008Hold0ut <- predict (grantPreProcess, 
newdata = training[-pre2008, reducedSet]) + VW FY 
Vv ldaModel <- lda(x = scaledPre2008, 
grouping = training$Class[pre2008] ) 
Recall that because these data involve two classes, only one discriminant 
vector can be obtained. This discriminant vector is contained in the object 
ldaModel$scaling; the first six entries of this matrix are: 
> head (ldaModel$scaling) 
LD1 
NumCI 0.1301673 
NumDR 0.0017275 
NumECI 0.1219478 
NumPS 0.0042669 
NumSR -0.0642209 
NumSCI -0.0655663 

12.7 Computing 319 
This information provides an interpretation about the predictors, relation- 
ships among predictors, and, if the data have been centered and scaled, then 
relative importance values. Thé discriminant vector is involved in the pre- 
diction of samples, and the Mass package simplifies this process through the 
predict function. For the grant data test set, the predictions are produced 
with the syntax: 
> IdaHoldOutPredictions <- predict(ldaModel, scaled2008HoldOut) 
The predicted class, posterior probability, and linear discriminant value are 
all contained in this object, thus enabling the user to create (1) a confusion 
matrix of the observed versus predicted values, (2) the distribution of poste- 
rior probabilities, and/or (3) the distribution of linear discriminant values. 
A direct implication of the two-class setting is that there is no training over 
the number of discriminant vectors to retain for prediction. When working 
with data that contain more than two classes, the optimal number of linear 
discriminant vectors can be determined through the usual validation process. 
Through the 1da function, the number of linear discriminants to retain for 
prediction can be set with the dimen option of the predict function. Conve- 
niently, this optimization process is automated with the train function in the 
caret package: 
> set.seed (476) 
> ldaFit1 <- train(x = training[, reducedSet], 
*F y = training$Class, 
2 method = "Ilda", 
+ preProc = c("center","scale"), 
fe metric = "ROC", 
+ ## Defined above 
+ trControl = ctrl) 
> ldaFit1 
8190 samples 
253 predictors 
2 classes: 'successful', ‘unsuccessful' 
Pre-processing: centered, scaled 
Resampling: Repeated Train/Test Splits (1 reps, 0.75%) 
Summary of sample sizes: 6633 
Resampling results 
ROC Sens Spec 
0.89 0.8 0.82 
No formal tuning occurs because there are only two classes and thus only one 
discriminant vector. We can generate predicted classes and probabilities for 
the test set in the usual manner: 

320 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
> ldaTestClasses <- predict (ldaFit1, 
+ newdata = testing[,reducedSet] ) 
> IdaTestProbs <- predict (ldaFit1, 
+ newdata = testing[,reducedSet], 
af type = "prob") 
When the problem involves more than two classes and we desire to optimize 
over the number of discriminant vectors, then the train function can still be 
used with method set to "1lda2" and tuneLength set to the maximum number 
of dimensions that the practitioner desires to evaluate. 
Partial Least Squares Discriminant Analysis 
PLSDA can be performed using the pisr function within the pls package by 
using a categorical matrix which defines the response categories. We refer 
the reader to Sect.6.3 for a description of the algorithmic variations of PLS, 
which directly extend to the classification setting. 
The caret package contains a function (pisda) that can create the appro- 
priate dummy variable PLS model for the data and then post-process the raw 
model predictions to return class probabilities. The syntax is very similar to 
the regression model code for PLS given in Sect.6.3. The main difference is 
a factor variable is used for the outcome. 
For example, to fit the model with the reduced predictor set: 
> plsdaModel <- plsda(x = training [pre2008,reducedSet], 
+ y = training[pre2008, "Class"], 
+ ## The data should be on the same scale for PLS. The 
iF ## 'scale' option applies this pre-processing step 
+ Scale = TRUE, 
tF ## Use Bayes method to compute the probabilities 
“7 probMethod = "Bayes", 
+ ## Specify the number of components to model 
+ ncomp = 4) 
> ## Predict the 2008 hold-out set 
> plsPred <- predict (plsdaModel, 
+ newdata = training[-pre2008, reducedSet] ) 
> head (plsPred) 
{1] successful successful successful successful successful successful 
Levels: successful unsuccessful 
> plsProbs <- predict (plsdaModel, 
E newdata = training[-pre2008, reducedSet], 
+ type = "prob") 
> head (plsProbs) 
[1] 0.98842 0.88724 0.83455 0.88144 0.94848 0.53991 
The plsdaModel. object inherits all of the same functions that would have 
resulted from the object coming directly from the pisr function. Because of 
this, other functions from the pls package can be used, such as loadings or 
scoreplot. 

12.7 Computing aya 
The train function can also be used with PLS in the classification setting. 
The following code evaluates the first ten PLS components with respect to 
the area under the ROC curve 4s well as automatically centers and scales the 
predictors prior to model fitting and sample prediction: 
> set.seed (476) 
> plsFit2 <- train(x = training[, reducedSet], 
ie y = training$Class, 
method = "pis", 
tuneGrid = expand.grid(.ncomp = 1:10), 
preProc = c("center","scale"), 
metric = "ROC", 
trControl = ctrl) +++ 4 4 
The basic predict call evaluates new samples, and type = "prob" returns 
the class probabilities. Computing variable importance as illustrated in 
Fig. 12.15 can be done with the following code: 
> plsImpGrant <- varImp(plsFit2, scale = FALSE) 
> plsImpGrant 
pls variable importance 
only 20 most important variables shown (out of 253) 
Overall 
ContractValueBandUnk 0.0662 
SponsorUnk 0.0383 
Jan 0.0338 
Unsuccess.CI 0.0329 
ContractValueBandA 0.0316 
Day 0.0266 
Aug 020257 
Success.CI 0.0219 
GrantCati0A 0.0211 
Day2 0.0209 
GrantCat30B 0.0202 
ContractValueBandE 0.0199 
ContractValueBandD 0.0193 
ContractValueBandF 0.0188 
ContractValueBandG 0.0184 
Sponsor24D 0.0172 
Sponsor21A 0.0169 
Sponsor2B 0.0147 
NumSR 0.0144 
Jul 0.0124 
> plot (plsImpGrant, top! = 20), scales = Listy = list(cex = .95))) 

B22, 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
Penalized Models 
The primary package for penalized logistic regression is glmnet (although 
the next chapter describes how to fit similar models using neural networks). 
The gimnet function is very similar to the enet function described previously 
in Sect.6.5. The main arguments correspond to the data: x is a matrix of 
predictors and y is a factor of classes (for logistic regression). Additionally, 
the family argument is related to the distribution of the outcome. For two 
classes, using family="binomial" corresponds to logistic regression, and, when 
there are three or more classes, family="multinomial" is appropriate. 
The function will automatically select a sequence of values for the amount 
of regularization, although the user can select their own values with the lambda 
option. Recall that the type of regularization is determined by the mixing 
parameter a. glmnet defaults this parameter to alpha = 1, corresponding to a 
complete lasso penalty. 
The predict function for glmnet predicts different types of values, includ- 
ing: the predicted class, which predictors are used in the model, and/or the 
regression parameter estimates. For example: 
> library (glmnet) 
> glmnetModel <- glmnet(x = as.matrix(training[,fullSet]), 
+ y = training$Class, 
+ family = "binomial") 
## Compute predictions for three difference levels of regularization. 
## Note that the results are not factors 
predict (glmnetModel, 
newx = as.matrix(training/[1:5,fullSet]), 
Ss = e005, 02a ORD) = 
type = "class") Rete 
al 2 3 
"successful" "successful" "unsuccessful" 
"successful" "successful" "unsuccessful" 
"successful" "successful" "unsuccessful" 
"successful" "successful" "unsuccessful" 
OP WNPF "successful" "successful" "unsuccessful" 
## Which predictors were used in the model? 
predict (glmnetModel, 
newx = as.matrix(training[1:5,fullSet]), 
S-= c(0L05, OLA 052), 
type = "nonzero") +++ VV 
eel 
{1] re! 72 973 1027 1040 1045 1055 
ee 
[1] 1027 1040 
$3 
[1] 1040 

12.7 Computing 323 
As a side note, the glmnet package has a function named auc. If the pROC 
package is loaded prior to loading glmnet, this message will appear: “The 
following object(s) are masked from ‘package:pROC’: auc.” If this function is 
invoked at this point, R will be unclear on which to use. There are two 
different approaches to dealing with this issue: 
e If one of the packages is no longer needed, it can be detached using 
detach (package: pROC) . 
e The appropriate function can be called using the namespace convention 
when invoking the function. For example, pROC:::auc and glmnet:::auc 
would reference the specific functions. 
Another potential instance of this issue is described below. 
Tuning the model using the area under the ROC curve can be accomplished 
with train. For the grant data: 
> ## Specify the tuning values: 
> glimnGrid <— expand. prid(.alpha = c(O, «2, .2, -4, 36, .8, 1), 
+ .lambda = seq(.01, .2, length = 40)) 
> set.seed(476) 
> glmnTuned <- train(training[,fullSet], 
F y = training$Class, 
oF method = "gimnet", 
# tuneGrid = glmnGrid, 
= preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
+ metric = "ROC", 
a trControl = ctrl) 
The heat map in the top panel of Fig. 12.16 was produced using the code 
plot(glmnTuned, plotType = "level"). Penalized LDA functions can be found 
in the sparseLDA and PenalizedLDA packages. The main function in the 
sparseLDA package is called sda.!° This function has an argument for the 
ridge parameter called lambda. The lasso penalty can be stated in two pos- 
sible ways with the argument stop. The magnitude of the lasso penalty is 
controlled using a positive number (e.g., stop = 0.01) or, alternatively, the 
number of retained predictors can be chosen using a negative integer (e.¢., 
stop = -6 for six predictors). For example: 
> library (sparseLDA) 
> sparseLdaModel <- sda(x = as.matrix(training[,fullSet]), 
~ y = training$Class, 
=F lambda = 0.01, 
+ stop = -6) 
The argument method = "sparseLDA" can be used with train. In this case, train 
will tune the model over lambda and the number of retained predictors. 
15 Another duplicate naming issue may occur here. A function called sda in the sda 
package (for shrinkage discriminant analysis) may cause confusion. If both packages 
are loaded, using sparseLDA:::sda and sda:::sda will mitigate the issue. 

324 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
Nearest Shrunken Centroids 
The original R implementation for this model is found in the pamr package 
(for “Predictive Analysis of Microarrays in R”). Another package, rda, contains 
extensions to the model described in Guo et al. (2007). 
The syntax of the functions in the pamr package is somewhat nonstandard. 
The function to train the model is pamr.train, which takes the input data in 
a single list object with components x and y. The usual convention for data 
sets is to have samples in rows and different columns for the predictors. 
pamr.train requires the training set predictors to be encoded in the opposite 
format where rows are predictors and columns are samples.'® For the grant 
data, the input data would be in the format shown below: 
> ## Switch dimensions using the t() function to transpose the data. 
> ## This also implicitly converts the training data frame to a matrix. 
> inputData <- list(x = t(training[, fullSet]), y = training$Class) 
The basic syntax to create the model is: 
> library (pamr) 
> nscModel <- pamr.train(data = inputData) 
By default, the function chooses 30 appropriate shrinkage values to evalu- 
ate. There are options to use specific values for the shrinkage amount, the 
prior probabilities and other aspects of the model. The function pamr. predict 
generates predictions on new samples as well as determines which specific 
predictors were used in the model for a given shrinkage value. For example, 
to specify a shrinkage value of 5: 
> exampleData <- t(training[1:5, fullSet]) 
> pamr.predict(nscModel, newx = exampleData, threshold = 5) 
[1] successful unsuccessful successful unsuccessful successful 
Levels: successful unsuccessful 
> ## Which predictors were used at this threshold? The predict 
> ## function shows the column numbers for the retained predictors. 
> threshi7Vars <- pamr.predict(nscModel, newx = exampleData, 
+ threshold = 17, type = "nonzero") 
> fullSet[thresh17Vars] 
[1] "Unsuccess.CI" "SponsorUnk" "ContractValueBandA" 
[4] "ContractValueBandUnk" "Jan" 
The package also contains functions for K-fold cross-validation to choose an 
appropriate amount of shrinkage but is restricted to a single type of resam- 
pling and tunes the model with overall accuracy. The train syntax is: 
'6 In microarray data, the number of predictors is usually much larger than the 
number of samples. Because of this, and the limited number of columns in popular 
spreadsheet software, the convention is reversed. 

12.7 Computing 
set.seed (476) 
ns¢luned <— train(x = 
preProc 
++ tte tet VV VY tuneGrid 
metric = "ROC", 
trControl = . 
training[,fullSet], 
y = training$Class, 
method = "pam " ; 
= ci@lcenten!, 
= nscGrid, 
Crm) UsGaalkaie)e 325 
## We chose the specific range of tuning parameters here: 
nscGrid <- data.frame(.threshold = 0:25) 
This approach provides more options for model tuning (e.g., using the area 
under the ROC curve) as well as a consistent syntax. The predict function 
for train does not require the user to manually specify the shrinkage amount 
(the optimal value determined by the function is automatically used). 
The predictors function will list the predictors used in the prediction equa- 
tion (at the optimal threshold determined by train). In the tuned model, 36 
were selected: 
> predictors (nscTuned) 
[1] "NumSR" 
[4] "CI.Faculty13" 
(7] "DurationGT15" 
{10] "allPub" 
[13] "Sponsor2B" 
[16] "Sponsor62B" 
[19] "SponsorUnk" 
(22] "ContractValueBandD" 
[25] "ContractValueBandG" 
(28] "GrantCat30B" 
shld), Wapetorl 
(4! Sun! "Success.CI" 
"CI.Faculty25" 
Wi Nehacee (Gily) 
"Sponsor21A" 
"Sponsor34B" 
"Sponsor6B" 
"ContractValueBandA" 
"ContractValueBandE" 
"ContractValueBandUnk" 
"Aug" 
He soul? 
"Day" "Unsuccess.CI" 
"CI.Faculty58" 
"AstarTotal" 
"Sponsor24D" 
"Sponsor4D" 
"Sponsor89A" 
"ContractValueBandC" 
"ContractValueBandF" 
"GrantCat1i0A" 
"Dec" 
Baga 
"Day2" 
Also, the function varImp will return the variable importance based on the 
distance between the class centroid and the overall centroid: 
> varImp(nscTuned, scale = FALSE) 
pam variable importance 
only 20 most important variables shown (out of 1071) 
Importance 
ContractValueBandUnk -0.2260 
SponsorUnk 0.1061 
Jan 0.0979 
ContractValueBandA 0.0948 
Unsuccess.ClI -0.0787 
Day -0.0691 
Aug -0.0669 
Sun 0.0660 
GrantCat10A -0.0501 
Success.ClI OF 0413 

326 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
Day2 -0.0397 
ContractValueBandE 0.0380 ° 
GrantCat30B -0.0379 
ContractValueBandD 0.0344 
Sponsor21A 0.0340 
ContractValueBandF 0.0333 
ContractValueBandG 0.0329 
Sponsor24D -0.0299 
Sponsor2B -0.0233 
NumSR 0.0224 
In these data, the sign of the difference indicates the direction of the impact 
of the predictor. For example, when the contractor band is unknown, only a 
small percentage of grants are successful (19.4% versus the baseline success 
rate of 46.4%). The negative sign for this predictor indicates a drop in the 
event rate. Conversely, when the sponsor is unknown, the success rate is high 
(82.2%; see Table 12.1). The distance for this predictor is positive, indicating 
an increase in the event rate. 
Exercises 
12.1. The hepatic injury data set was described in the introductory chapter 
and contains 281 unique compounds, each of which has been classified as 
causing no liver damage, mild damage, or severe damage (Fig. 1.2). These 
compounds were analyzed with 184 biological screens (i.e., experiments) to 
assess each compound’s effect on a particular biologically relevant target in 
the body. The larger the value of each of these predictors, the higher the 
activity of the compound. In addition to biological screens, 192 chemical 
fingerprint predictors were determined for these compounds. Each of these 
predictors represent a substructure (i.e., an atom or combination of atoms 
within the compound) and are either counts of the number of substructures 
or an indicator of presence or absence of the particular substructure. The 
objective of this data set is to build a predictive model for hepatic injury so 
that other compounds can be screened for the likelihood of causing hepatic 
injury. Start R and use these commands to load the data: 
> library (caret) 
> data(hepatic) 
> # use ?hepatic to see more details 
The matrices bio and chem contain the biolegical assay and chemical fin- 
gerprint predictors for the 281 compounds, while the vector injury contains 
the liver damage classification for each compound. 
(a) Given the classification imbalance in hepatic injury status, describe how 
you would create a training and testing set. 

12.7 Computing 327 
(b) Which classification statistic would you choose to optimize for this exer- 
cise and why? ' 
(c) Split the data into a training and a testing set, pre-process the data, 
and build models described in this chapter for the biological predictors 
and separately for the chemical fingerprint predictors. Which model has 
the best predictive ability for the biological predictors and what is the 
optimal performance? Which model has the best predictive ability for 
the chemical predictors and what is the optimal performance? Based on 
these results, which set of predictors contains the most information about 
hepatic toxicity? 
(d) For the optimal models for both the biological and chemical predictors, 
what are the top five important predictors? 
(e) Now combine the biological and chemical fingerprint predictors into one 
predictor set. Retrain the same set of predictive models you built from 
part (c). Which model yields best predictive performance? Is the model 
performance better than either of the best models from part (c)? What 
are the top five important predictors for the optimal model? How do these 
compare with the optimal predictors from each individual predictor set? 
(f) Which model (either model of individual biology or chemical fingerprints 
or the combined predictor model), if any, would you recommend using to 
predict compounds’ hepatic toxicity? Explain. 
12.2. In Exercise 4.4, we described a data set which contained 96 oil sam- 
ples each from one of seven types of oils (pumpkin, sunflower, peanut, olive, 
soybean, rapeseed, and corn). Gas chromatography was performed on each 
sample and the percentage of each type of 7 fatty acids was determined. We 
would like to use these data to build a model that predicts the type of oil 
based on a sample’s fatty acid percentages. 
(a) Like the hepatic injury data, these data suffer from extreme imbalance. 
Given this imbalance, should the data be split into training and test sets? 
(b) Which classification statistic would you choose to optimize for this exer- 
cise and why? 
(c) Of the models presented in this chapter, which performs best on these 
data? Which oil type does the model most accurately predict? Least 
accurately predict? 
12.3. The web site!” for the MLC+-+ software package contains a number of 
machine learning data sets. The “churn” data set was developed to predict 
telecom customer churn based on information about their account. The data 
files state that the data are “artificial based on claims similar to real world.” 
The data consist of 19 predictors related to the customer account, such 
as the number of customer service calls, the area code, and the number of 
minutes. The outcome is whether the customer churned. 
7 http://www.sgi.com/tech/mlc. 

328 12 Discriminant Analysis and Other Linear Classification Models 
The data are contained in the €50 package and can be loaded using: 
library (C50) 
data(churn) 
## Two objects are loaded: churnTrain and churnTest 
str (churnTrain) 
table (churnTrain$Class) NEL NP NE ONS 
(a) Explore the data by visualizing the relationship between the predictors 
and the outcome. Are there important features of the predictor data 
themselves, such as between-predictor correlations or degenerate distri- 
butions? Can functions of more than one predictor be used to model the 
data more effectively? 
(b) Fit some basic models to the training set and tune them via resampling. 
What criteria should be used to evaluate the effectiveness of the models? 
(c) Use lift charts to compare models. If you wanted to identify 80% of the 
churning customers, how many other customers would also be identified? 

Chapter 13 
Nonlinear Classification Models 
The previous chapter described models that were intrinsically linear—the 
structure of the model would produce linear class boundaries unless nonlinear 
functions of the predictors were manually specified. This chapter deals with 
some intrinsically nonlinear models. As in the regression sections, there are 
other nonlinear models that use trees or rules for modeling the data. These 
are discussed in the next chapter. 
With a few exceptions (such as FDA models, Sect. 13.3), the techniques 
described in this chapter can be adversely affected when a large number 
of non-informative predictors are used as inputs. As such, combining these 
models with feature selection tools (described in Chap. 19) can significantly 
increase performance. The analyses shown in this chapter are conducted with- 
out supervised removal of non-informative predictors, so performance is likely 
to be less than what could be achieved with a more comprehensive approach. 
13.1 Nonlinear Discriminant Analysis 
We saw in the previous chapter that the linear boundaries of linear discrim- 
inant analysis came about by making some very specific assumptions for the 
underlying distributions of the predictors. In this section, we will explore 
ways that linear discriminant methods as described in the previous chapter 
are modified in order to handle data that are best separated by nonlinear 
structures. These methods include quadratic discriminant analysis (QDA), 
regularized discriminant analysis (RDA), and mixture discriminant analysis 
(MDA). 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 329 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_13, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

330 . 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
Quadratic and Regularized Discriminant Analysis 
Recall that linear discriminant analysis could be formulated such that the 
trained model minimized the total probability of misclassification. The con- 
sequence of the assumption that the predictors in each class shared a common 
covariance structure was that the class boundaries were linear functions of 
the predictors. 
In quadratic discriminant models, this assumption is relaxed so that a 
class-specific covariance structure can be accommodated. The primary reper- 
cussion of this change is that the decision boundaries now become quadrati- 
cally curvilinear in the predictor space. The increased discriminant function 
complexity may improve model performance for many problems. However, 
another repercussion of this generalization is that the data requirements be- 
come more stringent. Since class-specific covariance matrices are utilized, the 
inverse of the matrices must exist. This means that the number of predictors 
must be less than the number of cases within each class. Also, the predictors 
within each class must not have pathological levels of collinearity. Addition- 
ally, if the majority of the predictors in the data are indicators for discrete 
categories, QDA will only to able to model these as linear functions, thus 
limiting the effectiveness of the model. 
In pure mathematical optimization terms, LDA and QDA each minimize 
the total probability of misclassification assuming that the data can truly 
be separated by hyperplanes or quadratic surfaces. Reality may be, however, 
that the data are best separated by structures somewhere between linear and 
quadratic class boundaries. RDA, proposed by Friedman (1989), is one way 
to bridge the separating surfaces between LDA and QDA. In this approach, 
Friedman advocated the following covariance matrix: 
be (A) = Ade + (1 —A)D, (al 3eds) 
where Ny is the covariance matrix of the (th class and © is the pooled covari- 
ance matrix across all classes. It is easy to see that the tuning parameter, A, 
enables the method to flex the covariance matrix between LDA (when A = 0) 
and QDA (when A = 1). If a model is tuned over \, a data-driven approach 
can be used to choose between linear or quadratic boundaries as well as 
boundaries that fall between the two. 
RDA makes another generalization of the data: the pooled covariance 
matrix can be allowed to morph from its observed value to one where the 
predictors are assumed to be independent (as represented by an identity 
matrix): 
a= a = ao (13:2) 
where a? is the;common variance of all predictors and I is the identity matrix 
(i.e., the diagonal entries of the matrix are 1 and all other entries are 0), 
which forces the model to assume that all of the predictors are independent. 
Recall the familar two-class example with two predictors, last seen in Chap. 4 

13.1 Nonlinear Discriminant Analysis 331 
(p. 69). There is a high correlation between these predictors indicating that 7 
values near | are most likely to be appropriate. However, in higher dimensions, 
it becomes increasingly more difficult to visually recognize such patterns, so 
tuning an RDA model over \ and y enables the training set data to decide 
the most appropriate assumptions for the model. Note, however, that unless 
y is one or A is zero, the more stringent data standards of QDA must be 
applied. 
Mixture Discriminant Analysis 
MDA was developed by Hastie and Tibshirani (1996) as an extension of 
LDA. LDA assumes a distribution of the predictor data such that the class- 
specific means are different (but the covariance structure is independent of the 
classes). MDA generalizes LDA in a different manner; it allows each class to be 
represented by multiple multivariate normal distributions. These distributions 
can have different means but, like LDA, the covariance structures are assumed 
to be the same. Figure 13.1 presents this idea with a single predictor. Here, 
each class is represented by three normal distributions with different means 
and common variances. These are effectively sub-classes of the data. The 
modeler would specify how many different distributions should be used and 
the MDA model would determine their optimal locations in the predictor 
space. 
How are the distributions aggregated so that a class prediction can be cal- 
culated? In the context of Bayes’ Rule (Eq. 12.4), MDA modifies Pr[X|Y = 
Cy|. The class-specific distributions are combined into a single multivariate 
normal distribution by creating a per-class mixture. Suppose Dp;(a) is the 
discriminant function for the kth subclass in the @th class, the overall dis- 
criminant function for the /th class would be proportional to 
Ly 
Dea) « S> ber Der(2), 
k=] 
where Ly is the number of distributions being used for the /th class and the 
de, are the mixing proportions that are estimated during training. This over- 
all discriminant function can then produce class probabilities and predictions. 
For this model, the number of distributions per class is the tuning 
parameter for the model (they need not be equal per class). Hastie and 
Tibshirani (1996) describe algorithms for determining starting values for 
the class-specific means required for each distribution, along with numerical 
optimization routines to solve the nontrivial equations. Also, similar to LDA, 
Clemmensen et al. (2011) describe using ridge- and lasso-like penalties to 
MDA, which would integrate feature selection into the MDA model. 

Bae : 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
(i 
ae oa er WT, ot yes ‘ 
Class 2 
Class 1 
4 6 8 
Predictor 
Fig. 13.1: For a single predictor, three distinct subclasses are determined 
within each class using mixture discriminant analysis 
Ss 
& 0.88 
5 
9 2 2 0.86 
(ee) 
(2) 
oO 
q 
© 0.84 = 
<x 
oO 
fe) 
© 0.82 ip aif 
2 4 6 8 
#Subclasses Per Class 
Fig. 13.2: The tuning parameter profile for the MDA model for the grants 
data. The optimal number of subclasses is 1, which is identical to performing 
LDA 
For the grant data, MDA was tuned over the number of subclasses per 
group with possible values ranging from 1 to 8 (Fig. 13.2). The areas under 
the ROC curve was optimized using one subclass per group, which is the same 
as performing LDA. MDA may be adverse to more complex discriminant 
boundaries in these data due to the large number of binary predictors. 

13.2 Neural Networks 333 
13.2 Neural Networks 
As we have seen with other classification methods, such as partial least 
squares discriminant analysis, the C classes can be encoded into C’ binary 
columns of dummy variables and then used as the outcomes for the model. 
Although the previous discussion on neural networks for regression used a 
single response, the model can easily handle multiple outputs for both regres- 
sion and classification. For neural network classification, this is the approach 
discussed here. 
Figure 13.3 shows a diagram of the model architecture for classification. 
Instead of a single output (as in Fig. 7.1 for regression), the bottom layer has 
multiple nodes for each class. Note that, unlike neural networks for regression, 
an additional nonlinear transformation is used on the combination of hidden 
units. Each class is predicted by a linear combination of the hidden units that 
have been transformed to be between zero and one (usually by a sigmoidal 
function). However, even though the predictions are between zero and one 
(due the extra sigmoidal function), they aren’t “probability-like” since they 
do not add up to one. The softmax transformation described in Sect. 11.1 is 
used here to ensure that the outputs of the neural network comply with this 
extra constraint: 
efie ( r) 
~ Say efal@)’ 
where fj¢(x) is the model prediction of the /th class and the 7th sample. 
What should the neural network optimize to find appropriate parameter 
estimates? For regression, the sum of the squared errors was the focus and, 
for this case, it would be altered to handle multiple outputs by accumulating 
the errors across samples and the classes: 
Ca 
SS wa - flay, £=1 7=1 Fie(2) 
where yje is the 0/1 indicator for class ¢. For classification, this can be ef- 
fective method for determining parameter values. The class with the largest 
predicted value would be used to classify the sample. 
Alternatively, parameter estimates can be found that can maximize the 
likelihood of the Bernoulli distribution, which corresponds to a binomial like- 
lihood function (Eq. 12.1) with a sample size of n = 1: 
C 
» Se yi In fie(@). (13.3) 
LN 7 
This function also goes by then names entropy or cross-entropy, which is used 
in some of the tree-based models discussed in the next chapter (Sect. 14). The 
likelihood has more theoretical validity than the squared error approach, 

334 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
drysuorjepoy [eptoursig 
[Bploulsisg driysuonepoy 
0.8 0.8 
0.4 
Class 1 Prediction 0.4 = 
Rey a 
ae 
(es 
=) 
= 
oO 
xe] 
= 
ae 
~ 
ie) 
= 
LL 
0.0 S) 
fo) 
=6 =—2 2 ASG —6 = 24 6 
By + By 1X4 + BoyXo Y10 + 1114 (X) + Yy2ho(x) + ¥43h9(x) 
Fig. 13.3: A diagram of a neural network for classification with a single hidden 
layer. The hidden units are linear combinations of the predictors that have 
been transformed by a sigmoidal function. The output is also modeled by a 
sigmoidal function 
although studies have shown that differences in performance tend to be neg- 
ligible (Kline and Berardi 2005). However, Bishop (1995) suggests that the 
entropy function should more accurately estimate small probabilities than 
those generated by the squared-error function. 

13.2 Neural Networks 335 
Class1 e Class2 «8 
So Ss ro) 
eS is} fay aQ 
Predictor B (scaled) Decay: 0.05 
Decay: 0.10 
Predictor A.(scaled) 
Fig. 13.4: Classification boundaries for neural networks with varying levels 
of smoothing and regularization. As weight decay and number of models 
increase, the boundaries become smoother 
Like their regression counterparts, neural networks for classification have 
a significant potential for over-fitting. When optimizing the sums of squares 
error or entropy, weight decay attenuates the size of the parameter estimates. 
This can lead to much smoother classification boundaries. Also, as previously 
discussed, model averaging helps reduce over-fitting. In this case, the class 
probability estimates (f/)(a@)) would be averaged across networks and these 
average values would be used to classify samples. 
Figure 13.4 shows examples of models fit with different amounts of weight 
decay and model averaging. Each model was initiated with the same random 
seed, used three hidden units, and was optimized for the sums of squared 

336 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
errors. The first row of models without weight decay shows significant over- 
fitting, and, in these cases, model averaging has a marginal impact. The small 
amount of decay shown in the second row shows an improvement (as does the 
model averaging) but is still over-adapting to the training data when a single 
network is used. The highest amount of weight decay showed the best results 
with virtually no impact of model averaging. For these data, a single model 
with weight decay is probably the best choice since it is computationally least 
expensive. 
Many other aspects of neural network classification models mirror their 
regression counterparts. Increasing the number of predictors or hidden units 
will still give rise to a large number of parameters in the model and the 
same numerical routines, such as back-propagation, can be used to estimate 
these parameters. Collinearity and non-informative predictors will have a 
comparable impact on model performance. 
Several types of neural networks were fit to the grant data. First, single 
network models (i.e., no model averaging) were fit using entropy to estimate 
the model coefficients. The models were tuned over the number of units in 
the hidden layer (ranging from 1 to 10), as well as the amount of weight decay 
(A = 0, 0.1, 1, 2). The best model used eight hidden units with A = 2 and 
had an area under the ROC curve of 0.884. The tuning parameter profiles 
show a significant amount of variation, with no clear trend across the tuning 
parameters. 
To counter this variation, the same tuning process was repeated, but 10 
networks were fit to the data and their results averaged. Here, the best model 
had six hidden units with 4 = 2 and had an area under the ROC curve of 
0.884. 
To increase the effectiveness of the model, various transformations of the 
data were evaluated. One in particular, the spatial sign transformation, had 
a significant positive impact on the performance of the neural networks for 
these data. When combined with a single network model, the area under the 
curve was 0.903. When model averaging was used, the area under the ROC 
curve was 0.911. 
Figure 13.5 visualizes the tuning parameter profiles across the various 
models. When no data transformations are used, model averaging increases 
the performance of the models across all of the tuning parameters. It also 
has the effect of smoothing out differences between the models; the profile 
curves are much closer together. When the spatial sign transformation is used 
with the single network model, it shows an improvement over the model with- 
out the transformation. However, performance appears to be optimized when 
using both model averaging and the spatial sign. 

13.2 Neural Networks axel 
Weight Decay 
2 4 6 8 10 
— 0.90 
0.85 
0.80 
0.75 Vel Ke} ow 
E 2 a 
£ 
2 
0.90 
0.85 
ROC AUC (2008 Hold—Out Data 0.80 
0.75 
2 4 6 8 10 
Number of Hidden Units 
Sensitivity 0.4 0.6 
mole T T T all T 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 13.5: Top: The models for grant success were tuned under four different 
conditions: with and without a transformation on the predictors and with and 
without model averaging. Bottom: The ROC curve for the 2008 holdout set 
when a model averaged network is used with the spatial sign transformation 
(area under the curve: 0.911) 

338 , 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
1 Create a new response matrix of binary dummy variable columns for 
each of the C’ classes 
2 Create a multivariate regression model using any method that 
generates slopes and intercepts for predictors or functions of the 
predictors (e.g. linear regression, MARS, etc) 
3 Post-process the model parameters using the optimal scoring 
technique 
4 Use the adjusted regression coefficients as discriminant values 
Algorithm 13.1: The flexible discriminant analysis algorithm for 
generalizing LDA model (Hastie et al. 1994) 
13.3 Flexible Discriminant Analysis 
In the last chapter, the motivation for classical linear discriminant analysis 
was based on minimizing the total probability of misclassification. It turns 
out that the same model can be derived in a completely different manner. 
Hastie et al. (1994) describe a process where, for C' classes, a set of C' linear 
regression models can be fit to binary class indicators and show that the 
regression coefficients from these models can be post-processed to derive the 
discriminant coefficients (see Algorithm 13.1). This allows the idea of linear 
discriminant analysis to be extended in a number of ways. First, many of the 
models in Chaps. 6 and 7, such as the lasso, ridge regression, or MARS, can be 
extended to create discriminant variables. For example, MARS can be used 
to create a set of hinge functions that result in discriminant functions that are 
nonlinear combinations of the original predictors. As another example, the 
lasso can create discriminant functions with feature selection. This conceptual 
framework is referred to as flexible discriminant analysis (FDA). 
We can illustrate the nonlinear nature of the flexible discriminant algo- 
rithm using MARS with the example data in Fig.4.1 (p. 63). Recall that 
MARS has two tuning parameters: the number of retained terms and the de- 
gree of predictors involved in the hinge functions. If we use an additive model 
(i.e., a first-degree model), constrain the maximum number of retained terms 
to 2 and have a binary response of class membership, then discriminant func- 
tion is 
D(A, B) = 0.911 — 19.1 x h(0.2295 — B) 
In this equation, h(-) is the hinge function described in Eq.7.1 on p. 146. If 
the discriminant function is greater than zero, the sample would be predicted 
to be the first class. In this model, the prediction equation only used the 
one variable, and the left-hand panel in Fig. 13.6 shows the resulting class 
boundaries. The class boundary is a horizontal line since predictor B is the 
only predictor in the split. 

13.3 Flexible Discriminant Analysis 339 
Class1 °® Class2 w@ 
0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 
__ 2MARS Terms 
0.911 
— 19.1 * h(0.2295-B) _4 MARS Terms _ 
~0.242 
+ 11.6 * h(A-0.1322) 
~ 13.9 * h(A-0.2621) 
— 12.1 * h(0.2295-B) ® 
Predictor B 
0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 
Predictor A 
Fig. 13.6: Classification boundaries for two FDA models of different complex- 
ities 
The effectiveness of FDA is not apparent when MARS is so severely re- 
stricted. If the maximum number of retained terms is relaxed to 4, then the 
discriminant equation is estimated to be 
D(A, B) = — 0.242 
116 btA — 011822) 
= 139% 74— 02601) 
= 12.1 10.2295— By, 
This FDA model uses both predictors and its class boundary is shown in 
the right-hand panel of Fig. 13.6. Recall that the MARS hinge function h 
sets one side of the breakpoint to zero. Because of this, the hinge functions 
isolate certain regions of the data. For example, if A < 0.1322 and B > 
0.2295, none of the hinge functions affect the prediction and the negative 
intercept in the model indicates that all points in this region correspond to 
the second class. However, if A > 0.2621 and B < 0.2295, the prediction 
is a function of all three hinge functions. Essentially, the MARS features 
isolate multidimensional polytopal regions of the predictor space and predict 
a common class within these regions. 
An FDA model was tuned and trained for the grant application model. 
First-degree MARS hinge functions were evaluated where the number of re- 
tained terms ranged from 2 to 25. Performance increases as the number of 

340 . 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
eee ee ee lS — 
0.92 + te 
ROC AUC (2008 Hold—Out Data) fo) fee) rep) | 
{__________ T T T 
5 10 15 20 25 
#Terms 
i) 
(ee) 
Ss 
i<o} 
eS 
2 mR 
is 
® 
(op) 0.4 eis 
N a 
oe oO 
me Saari Se ri rl 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 - Specificity 
Fig. 13.7: Top: The parameter tuning profile for the FDA model. Bottom: 
The FDA ROC curve (area under the curve: 0.924) is shown in relation to 
the curve for the previous neural network model (in grey) 
terms increases and plateaus around 15 terms (see Fig. 13.7). The numeri- 
cally optimal value was 19 although there is clearly some flexibility in this 
parameter. For this model, the area under the ROC curve for the 2008 data 
was estimated to be 0.924, with a sensitivity of 82.5% and a specificity of 

13.3 Flexible Discriminant Analysis 341 
86.4%. Although the FDA model contained 19 terms, 14 unique predictors 
were used (of a possible 1,070). Also, nine of the model terms were simple 
linear functions of binary categorical predictors. The discriminant equation 
for the model is 
D(a) =O 
— 0.53 x h(1 — number of chief investigators) 
+ 0.11 x h(number of successful grants by chief investigators — 1) 
— 1.1 x h(1 — number of successful grants by chief investigators) 
— 0.23 x h(number of unsuccessful grants by chief investigators — 1) 
+ 1.4 x h(1 — number of unsuccessful grants by chief investigators) 
+ 0.18 x h(number of unsuccessful grants by chief investigators — 4) 
— 0.035 x h(8 — number, of A journal papers by all investigators) 
— 0.79 X sponsor code 24D 
— 1 x sponsor code 59C 
— 0.98 x sponsor code 62B 
— 1.4 x sponsor code 6B 
+ 1.2 x unknown sponsor 
— 0.34 x contract value band B 
— 1.5 x unknown contract value band 
— 0.34 x grant category code 30B 
+ 0.3 x submission day of Saturday 
+ 0.022 x h(54 — numeric day of the year) 
+ 0.076 x h(numeric day of the year — 338). 
From this equation, the exact effect of the predictors on the model can be 
elucidated. For example, as the number of chief investigators increases from 
zero to one, the probability of a successful grant increases. Having more than 
one chief investigator does not affect the model since the opposite hinge func- 
tion was eliminated. Also, the probability of success increases with the num- 
ber of successful grants by chief investigators and decreases with the number 
of unsuccessful grants by chief investigators; this is a similar result to what 
was found with previous models. For the day of the year, the probability of 
a successful grant decreases as the year proceeds and has no affect on the 
model until late in the year when the probability of success increases. 
The discriminant function shown above can be additionally transformed to 
produce class probability estimates. Visually, the probability trends for the 
continuous predictors are shown in Fig. 13.8. Recall that since an additive 
model was used, the probability profile for each variable can be considered 
independently of the others. Here, the terms for the number of chief inves- 
tigators and the number of publications in A-level journals only affect the 
prediction up to a point. This is the result of the pruning algorithm elimi- 

342 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
Day 1.0 
T [eo T 
0 50 100 150 0O 100 200 300 
Success.Cl Unsuccess.Cl 
Probability of Success 
al ea a a ele oa 
OPS 10) S20 0 10 20 30 40 
Fig. 13.8: Probability profiles for each of the continuous predictors used in 
the additive FDA model 
nating one of each predictor’s reflective pairs. The profile for the day of the 
year has two terms that remain from two different reflected pairs. As a re- 
sult, this predictor only affects the model in the early and late periods of the 
year. In the last chapter, there was good evidence that this predictor had a 
nonlinear relationship with the outcome that was approximated by adding 
a quadratic function of the predictor. Here, FDA also tries to approximate 
the same relationship. One predictor, the number of unsuccessful grants by 
chief investigators, has multiple terms in the model, which is reflected in the 
smoother probability profile. Of the binary terms, the predictors for contract 
value band B, unknown contract value band, grant category code 30B, spon- 
sor code 24D, sponsor code 59C, sponsor code 62B, and sponsor code 6B had 
a positive effect on the probability of success while the terms for submission 
day of Saturday and unknown sponsor were associated with a decrease in the 
success rate. 
Bagging the model coerces FDA to produce smoother relationships 
between the predictors and the outcome. MARS models are moderately un- 
stable predictors since they use exhaustive searches of the data and the splits 

13.4 Support Vector Machines 343 
are based on specific data points in the training set.' Bagging the FDA model 
will have the effect of adding more splits for the important predictors, leading 
to a better approximation. However, our experience is that bagging MARS 
or FDA models has a marginal impact on model performance and increased 
number of terms diminishes the interpretation of the discriminant equation 
(similar to the trend shown in Fig. 8.16). 
Since many of the predictors in the FDA model are on different scales, it 
is difficult to use the discriminant function to uncover which variables have 
the most impact on the outcome. The same method of measuring variable 
importance described in Sect. 7.2 can be employed here. The five most im- 
portant predictors are, in order: unknown contract value band, the number 
of unsuccessful grants by chief investigators, the number of successful grants 
by chief investigators, unknown sponsor, and numeric day of the year. 
As an alternative to using MARS within the FDA framework, Milborrow 
(2012) describes a two-phase approach with logistic regression when there 
are two classes. Here, an initial MARS model is created to predict the binary 
dummy response variable (i.e., the first two steps in Algorithm 13.1). After 
this, a logistic regression model is created with the MARS features produced 
by the original dummy variable model. Our preliminary experiences with this 
approach are that it yields results very similar to the FDA model. 
13.4 Support Vector Machines 
Support vector machines are a class of statistical models first developed in 
the mid-1960s by Vladimir Vapnik. In later years, the model has evolved 
considerably into one of the most flexible and effective machine learning 
tools available, and Vapnik (2010) provides a comprehensive treatment. The 
regression version of these models was previously discussed in Sect. 7.3, which 
was an extension of the model from its original development in the classifica- 
tion setting. Here we touch on similar concepts from SVM for regression and 
layout the case for classification. 
Consider the enviable problem shown in the left panel of Fig. 13.9 where 
two variables are used to predict two classes of samples that are completely 
separable. As shown on the left, there are a multitude (in fact an infinite) 
number of linear boundaries that perfectly classify these data. Given this, 
how would we choose an appropriate class boundary? Many performance 
measures, such as accuracy, are insufficient since all the curves would be 
deemed equivalent. What would a more appropriate metric be for judging 
the efficacy of a model? 
Vapnik defined an alternate metric called the margin. Loosely speaking, 
the margin is the distance between the classification boundary and the closest 
1 However, MARS and FDA models tend to be more stable than tree-based models 
since they use linear regression to estimate the model parameters. 

344 . 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
Predictor B Predictor B 
—4 -2 0 2 4 
Predictor A Predictor A 
Fig. 13.9: Left: A data set with completely separable classes. An infinite 
number of linear class boundaries would produce zero errors. Right: The class 
boundary associated with the linear maximum margin classifier. The solid 
black points indicate the support vectors 
training set point. For example, the right-hand panel of Fig. 13.9 shows one 
possible classification boundary as a solid line. The dashed lines on both sides 
of the boundary are at the maximum distance from the line to the closest 
training set data (equidistant from the boundary line). In this example the 
three data points are equally closest to the classification boundary and are 
highlighted with solid black symbols. The margin defined by these data points 
can be quantified and used to evaluate possible models. In SVM terminology, 
the slope and intercept of the boundary that maximize the buffer between 
the boundary and the data is known as the maximum margin classifier. 
Let’s explore a few of the mathematical constructs of SVM in the context 
of a simple example in order to better understand the inner workings of the 
method. Suppose we have a two-class problem and we code the class #1 
samples with a value of 1 and the class #2 samples with —1. Also, let the 
vectors x; contain the predictor data for a training set sample. The maximum 
margin classifier creates a decision value D(x) that classifies samples such that 
if D(x) > 0 we would predict a sample to be class #1, otherwise class #2. 
For an unknown sample u, the decision equation can be written in a similar 
form as a linear discriminant function that is parameterized in terms of an 
intercept and slopes as 
D(u) | 80+ Bu 
1B 
= Bot > Bij. 
jai 

13.4 Support Vector Machines 345 
Notice that this equation works from the viewpoint of the predictors. This 
equation can be transformed so that the maximum margin classifier can be 
written in terms of each data point in the sample. This changes the equa- 
tion to 
P 
D(u) = Bo + Sa: 
gel 
= Bo + Sie su (13.4) 
i=1 
with a; > 0 (similar to Eq. 7.2). It turns out that, in the completely separable 
case, the a parameters are exactly zero for all samples that are not on the 
margin. Conversely, the set of nonzero @ values are the points that fall on 
the boundary of the margin (i.e., the solid black points in Fig. 13.9). Because 
of this, the predictor equation is a function of only a subset of the training 
set points and these are referred to as the support vectors. Interestingly, the 
prediction function is only a function of the training set samples that are 
closest to the boundary and are predicted with the least amount of certainty.” 
Since the prediction equation is supported solely by these data points, the 
maximum margin classifier is the usually called the support vector machine. 
On first examination, Eq. 13.4 may appear somewhat arcane. However, it 
can shed some light on how support vector machines classify new samples. 
Consider Fig. 13.10 where a new sample, shown as a solid grey circle, is pre- 
dicted by the model. The distances between each of the support vectors and 
the new sample are as grey dotted lines. 
For these data, there are three support vectors, and therefore contain 
the only information necessary for classifying the new sample. The meat of 
Eq. 13.4 is the summation of the product of: the sign of the class, the model 
parameter, and the dot product between the new sample and the support 
vector predictor values. The following table shows the components of this 
sum, broken down for each of the three support vectors: 
True Dot 
class product y; a; Product 
SV 1 Class 2 —2.4 —1 1.00 2.40 
SV 2 Class 1 lh WO Ray! ee 
SV 3 Class ll 12) O66 0.79 
The dot product, x/u, can be written as a product of the distance of x; from 
the origin, the distance of u from the origin, and the cosine of the angle 
between x; and u (Dillon and Goldstein 1984). 
2 Recall a similar situation with support vector regression models where the prediction 
function was determined by the samples with the largest residuals. 

346 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
Predictor B 
Predictor A 
Fig. 13.10: Prediction of a new sample using a support vector machine. The 
final value of the decision equation is D(w) = 0.583. The grey lines indicate 
the distance of the new sample to the support vectors 
Based on the parameter estimates a;, the first support vector has the 
largest single effect on the prediction equation (all other things being equal) 
and it has a negative slope. For our new sample, the dot product is negative, 
so the total contribution of this point is positive and pushes the prediction 
towards the first class (1.e., a positive value of the decision function D(w)). 
The remaining two support vectors have positive dot products and an over- 
all product that increases the decision function value for this sample. For 
this model, the intercept is —4.372; D(u) for the new sample is therefore 
0.583. Since this value is greater than zero, the new sample has the highest 
association with the first class. 
What happens when the classes are not completely separable? Cortes and 
Vapnik (1995) develop extensions to the early maximum margin classifier to 
accommodate this situation. Their formulation puts a cost on the sum of the 
training set points that are on the boundary or on the wrong side of the 
boundary. When determining the estimates of the a values, the margin is 
penalized when data points are on the wrong side of the class boundary or 
inside the margin. The cost value would be a tuning parameter for the model 
and is the primary mechanism to control the complexity of the boundary. 
For example, as the cost of errors increases, the classification boundary will 
shift and contort itself so that it correctly classifies as many of the training 

13.4 Support Vector Machines 347 
set points as possible. Figure 4.2 in Chap. 4 demonstrated this; the panel on 
the right-hand side of this figure used an inappropriately high cost value, 
resulting in severe over-fitting.” 
Echoing the comments in Sect. 7.3, most of the regularization models dis- 
cussed in this book add penalties to the coefficients, to prevent over-fitting. 
Large penalties, similar to costs, impose limits on the model complexity. For 
support vector machines, cost values are used to penalize number of errors; 
as a consequence, larger cost values induce higher model complexity rather 
than restrain it. 
Thus far, we have considered linear classification boundaries for these mod- 
els. In Eq. 13.4, note the dot product xu. Since the predictors enter into this 
equation in a linear manner, the decision boundary is correspondingly linear. 
Boser et al. (1992) extended the linear nature of the model to nonlinear clas- 
sification boundaries by substituting the kernel function instead of the simple 
linear cross product: 
7m 
D(u) = Bo + Ss Yyiagx,u 
=A 
== ie Se UiOn LOX, UW), 
tI) 
where K(-,-) is a kernel function of the two vectors. For the linear case, the 
kernel function is the same inner product x/u. However, just as in regression 
SVMs, other nonlinear transformations can be applied, including: 
é / degree 
polynomial = (scale (x‘u) + 1) 
5 . + . s) 
radial basis function = exp(—o||x — ull*) 
hyperbolic tangent = tanh (scale (x’u) + 1). 
Note that, due to the dot product, the predictor data should be centered and 
scaled prior to fitting so that attributes whose values are large in magnitude 
do not dominate the calculations. 
The kernel trick allows the SVM model produce extremely flexible decision 
boundaries. The choice of the kernel function parameters and the cost value 
control the complexity and should be tuned appropriately so that the model 
does not over-fit the training data. Figure 13.11 shows examples of the classi- 
fication boundaries produced by several models using different combinations 
of the cost and tuning parameter values. When the cost value is low, the 
models clearly underfit the data. Conversely, when the cost is relatively high 
(say a value of 16), the model can over-fit the data, especially if the kernel 
parameter has a large value. Using resampling to find appropriate estimates 
of these parameters tends to find a reasonable balance between under- and 
over-fitting. Section 4.6 used the radial basis function support vector machine 
as an example for model tuning. 

348 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
Class 1 % Class 2 a 
Predictor B (scaled) 
Predictor A (scaled) 
Fig. 13.11: Classification boundaries for nine radial basis function support 
vector machine models varied over the cost parameter and the kernel param- 
eter (a) 
Support vector machines fall into a more general category of kernel 
methods and this has been an extremely active area of research for some 
time. Here, we have discussed extensions to the original model to allow 
for misclassified samples and nonlinear class boundaries. Still more exten- 
sions have been developed for support vector machines, such as handling 
more than two classes (Hsu and Lin 2002; Duan and Keerthi 2005). Also, 
the original motivation of the model is to create a hard decision bound- 
ary for the purpose of classifying samples, as opposed to estimating class 
probabilities. However, Platt (2000) describes methods of post-processing 
the output of the SVM model to estimate class probabilities. Alternate 

13.4 Support Vector Machines 349 
versions of the support vector machine model also exist, such as least squares 
support vector machines (Suykens and Vandewalle 1999), relevance vector 
machines (Tipping 2001), and import vector machines (Zhu and Hastie 2005). 
Specialized kernels have also been developed. For example, the QSAR ap- 
plication discussed in Sect.6.1 and used throughout the regression chapters 
used chemical descriptors as predictors. Figure 6.1 shows the chemical formula 
of aspirin. Rather than deriving descriptors from a molecular formula, the for- 
mula can be converted to a graph (or network) representation. A specialized 
class of kernel functions, called graph kernels, can directly relate the content 
of the chemical formula to the model without deriving descriptor variables 
(Mahé et al. 2005; Mahé and Vert 2009). Similarly, there are different kernels 
that can be employed in text mining problems. The “bag-of-words” approach 
summarizes a body of text by calculating frequencies of specific words. These 
counts are treated as predictor variables in classification models. There are 
a few issues with this approach. First, the additional computational burden 
of deriving the predictor variables can be taxing. Secondly, this term-based 
approach does not consider the ordering of the text. For example, the text 
“Miranda ate the bear” and “the bear ate Miranda” would score the same 
in the bag-of-words model but have very different meanings. String kernels 
(Lodhi et al. 2002; Cancedda et al. 2003) can use the entire text of a doc- 
ument directly and has more potential to find important relationships than 
the bag-of-words approach. 
For the grant data, there are several approaches to using SVMs. We eval- 
uated the radial basis function kernel as well as the polynomial kernel (con- 
figured to be either linear or quadratic). Also, both the full and reduced 
predictor sets were evaluated. As will be shown in Chap. 19, support vector 
machines can be negatively affected by including non-informative predictors 
in the model. 
For the radial basis function kernel, the analytical approach for deter- 
mining the radial basis function parameter was assessed. For the full set of 
predictors, the estimate was 0 = 0.000559 and for the reduced set, the value 
was calculated to be a = 0.00226. However, these models did not show good 
performance, so this parameter was varied over values that were smaller than 
analytical estimates. Figure 13.12 shows the results of these models. The 
smaller predictor set yields better results than the more comprehensive set, 
with an optimal area under the ROC curve of 0.895, a sensitivity of 84%, and 
a specificity of 80.4%. Also, for the reduced set, smaller values of a produced 
better results, although values below 0.001167 did not improve the model fit. 
For the polynomial models, a fair amount of trial and error was used 
to determine appropriate values for this kernel’s scaling factor. Inappropriate 
values would result in numerical difficulties for the models and feasible values 
of this parameter depended on the polynomial degree and the cost parameter. 
Figure 13.13 shows the results for the holdout set. Models built with the 
reduced set of predictors did uniformly better than those utilizing the full 
set. Also, the optimal performance for linear and quadratic models was about 

350 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
sigma = 0.00023857 0 sigma = 0.00116699 x 
24 2-2 240 242 24 
fi esas ee Pee el eee eee oe 
Full Set Reduced Set 
0.90 
0.88 
0.86 
0.84 
0.82 
ROC (2008 Hold—Out Data) 0.80 
0.78 
l T T sees al T | 7 pl" ica lc. 7 heel ca 
2-4 22 2/0 22 24 
Cost 
Fig. 13.12: Tuning parameter profile of the radial basis function SVM model 
for the grant data 
the same. This suggests that the models are mostly picking up on linear 
relationships in the data. Given that many of the predictors are binary, this 
makes sense. Of these models, the best area under the ROC curve was 0.898. 
Overall, the support vector machine models did not have competitive per- 
formance in comparison to models created thus far. Many of the linear models 
shown in Chap. 12 had similar (or better) performance; the FDA model in this 
chapter, so far, is more effective. However, in our experience, SVM models 
tend to be very competitive for most problems. 
13.5 K-Nearest Neighbors 
We first met the A-nearest neighbors (AK NNs) model for classification in 
Sect. 4.2 when discussing model tuning and the problem of over-fitting. We 
have also learned extensively about ANN in the context of regression in 
Sect. 7.4. While many of the ideas from A NWN for regression directly apply 
here, we will highlight the unique aspects of how this method applies to 
classification. 
The classification methods discussed thus far search for linear or nonlinear 
boundaries that optimally separate the data. These boundaries are then used 
to predict the classification of new samples. ANN takes a different approach 

13.5 K-Nearest Neighbors 351 
scale = 0.005 o scale= 0.010 x 
2-6 24-5 24-4 2-3 24-2 
Linear 
% a 0.88 Fay 12] 
g ® 0.87 
a 3 L 0.86 
6 x 0.85 
z 0.84 
z= 0.90 
S 0.89 [e) 
XN 0.88 
© 0.87 
086 
0.85 
0.84 
Sensitivity 
I I 1! T 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 T 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 13.13: Top: Performance profiles for the quadratic SVM model. Bottom: 
The ROC curve for the optimal model (area under the curve: 0.895) 
by using a sample’s geographic neighborhood to predict the sample’s classi- 
fication. Similar to the regression context, ANN for classification predicts a 
new sample using the K-closest samples from the training set. “Closeness” is 
determined by a distance metric, like Euclidean and Minkowski (Sect. 7.4), 

352 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
and choice of metric depends on predictor characteristics. For any distance 
metric, it is important to recall that the original measurement scales of the 
predictors affect the resulting distance calculations. This implies that if pre- 
dictors are on widely different scales, the distance value between samples will 
be biased towards predictors with larger scales. To allow each predictor to 
contribute equally to the distance calculation, we recommend centering and 
scaling all predictors prior to performing AK NN. 
As in the regression context, to determine the classification of a new sam- 
ple, the A-closest training set samples are determined via the distance metric. 
Class probability estimates for the new sample are calculated as the propor- 
tion of training set neighbors in each class. The new sample’s predicted class 
is the class with the highest probability estimate; if two or more classes are 
tied for the highest estimate, then the tie is broken at random or by looking 
ahead to the A + 1 closest neighbor. 
Any method with tuning parameters can be prone to over-fitting, and 
K NN is especially susceptible to this problem as was shown in Fig. 4.2. Too 
few neighbors leads to highly localized fitting (i.e., over-fitting), while too 
many neighbors leads to boundaries that may not locate necessary separating 
structure in the data. Therefore, we must take the usual cross-validation or 
resampling approach for determining the optimal value of Kk. 
For the grant data the neighborhood range evaluated for tuning was 
between | and 451. Figure 13.14 illustrates the tuning profile for area under 
the ROC curve for the 2008 holdout data. There is a distinct jump in pre- 
dictive performance from 1 to 5 neighbors and a continued steady increase 
in performance through the range of tuning. The initial jump in predictive 
performance indicates that local geographic information is highly informative 
for categorizing samples. The steady incremental increase in predictive per- 
formance furthermore implies that neighborhoods of informative information 
for categorizing samples are quite large. This pattern is somewhat unusual for 
KNN in that as the number of neighbors increases we begin to underfit and a 
corresponding decrease in predictive performance occurs like was illustrated 
by Fig. 7.10. In most data sets, we are unlikely to use this many neighbors in 
the prediction. This example helps to identify a numerical instability problem 
with A NN: as the number of neighbor increases, the probability of ties also 
increases. For this example, a neighborhood size greater than 451 leads to too 
many ties. The optimal area under the ROC curve was 0.81, which occurred 
at A = 451. The bottom plot in Fig. 13.14 compares the KNN ROC profile 
with those of SVM and FDA. For these data, the predictive ability of kK NN 
is inferior to the other tuned nonlinear models. While geographic information 
is predictive, it is not as useful as models that seek to find global optimal 
separating boundaries. 

13.6 Naive Bayes 353 
0.80 
0.75 
0.70 
ROC (2008 Hold—Out Data) 
0 100 200 300 400 
#Neighbors 
° 
co iS 
oO 
2>o = can 
(‘= 
H+ (je) 
N aE 
(je) ou 
| | | T | T 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 13.14: Top: The parameter tuning profile for the ANN model. Bottom: 
The ROC curve for the test set data. The area under the curve was 0.81 
13.6 Naive Bayes 
Bayes’ Rule was previously discussed in the context of linear discriminant 
analysis in a previous chapter. This section expands on that discussion and 
focuses on a specific classification model that, like the previous LDA, QDA, 

354 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
and RDA models, is defined in terms of how the multivariate probability 
densities are created. 
Bayes’ Rule answers the question “based on the predictors that we have 
observed, what is the probability that the outcome is class Cy?” More math- 
ematically, let Y be the class variable and X represent the collection of pre- 
dictor variables. We are trying to estimate Pr[Y = C,|X], which is “given 
X, what is the probability that the outcome is the /th class?” Bayes’ Rule 
provides the machinery to answer this: 
a om Pr(X] | (13.5) 
Pr|Y = C)|X] is typically referred to as the posterior probability of the class. 
The components are: 
e Pr{Y] is the prior probability of the outcome. Essentially, based on what 
we know about the problem, what would we expect the probability of 
the class to be? For example, when predicting customer churn, companies 
typically have a good idea of the overall turnover rate of customers. For 
problems related to diseases, this prior would be the disease prevalence 
rate in the population (see Sect. 11.2 on p. 254 for a discussion). 
e Pr{X] is the probability of the predictor values. For example, if a new 
sample is being predicted, how likely is this pattern in comparison to the 
training data? Formally, this probability is calculated using a multivariate 
probability distribution. In practice, significant assumptions are usually 
made to reduce the complexity of this calculation. 
e Pr{|X|Y =C¢] is the conditional probability. For the data associated with 
class Cy, what is the probability of observing the predictor values? Similar 
to Pr|X], this can be a complex calculation unless strict assumptions are 
made. 
The naive Bayes model simplifies the probabilities of the predictor values by 
assuming that all of the predictors are independent of the others. This is an 
extremely strong assumption. For most of the case studies and illustrative 
examples in this text, it would be difficult to claim that this assumption 
were realistic. However, the assumption of independence yields a significant 
reduction in the complexity of the calculations. 
For example, to calculate the conditional probability Pr{X|Y = C;], we 
would use a product of the probability densities for each individual predictor: 
The unconditional probability Pr{X] results in a similar formula when assum- 
ing independence. To estimate the individual probabilities, an assumption of 

13.6 Naive Bayes 355 
Class1 e Class2 @ Class 1. ——— Class2 —— 
Predictor B 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 O}ORO 20:40 6n OS a O 
Predictor A ‘ Predictor A 
Fig. 13.15: Left: A plot of two class illustrative data where a new sample (the 
solid triangle) is being predicted. Right: Conditional density plots of predictor 
A created using a nonparametric density estimate. The value of predictor A 
for the new sample is shown by the vertical black line 
normality might be made for continuous predictors (using the sample mean 
and variance from the training set). Other methods, such as nonparametric 
kernel density estimators (Hardle et al. 2004), can more flexibly estimate the 
probability densities. For categorical predictors, the probability distribution 
can be determined with the observed frequencies in the training set data. 
For example, Fig. 13.15 shows the familiar two-class illustrative example. 
In the left panel, the training data are shown. Clearly, the two predictors 
are unlikely to be independent (their correlation is 0.78). Suppose a new 
sample (shown as a solid black triangle) requires prediction. To compute the 
overall conditional probability Pr|X|Y = C?]|, each predictor is considered 
separately. For predictor A, the two conditional densities are shown in the 
right panel of Fig. 13.15 with a vertical black line indicating the value of the 
new sample for this predictor. For the training set data, using this predictor 
alone, the first class appears to be much more likely. 
To produce the class probability Pr{X|Y = C,| for the first class, two 
conditional probability values are determined for predictors A and B then 
multiplied together to calculate the overall conditional probability for the 
class. 
For Pr[X] a similar procedure would occur except the probabilities for 
predictors A and B would be determined from the entire training set (1.e., 
both classes). For the example in Fig. 13.15, the correlation between the pre- 
dictors is fairly strong, which indicates that the new sample is highly unlikely. 

356 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
Table 13.1: The frequencies and conditional probabilities Pr[X|Y = C;,| for 
the day of the week 
Day Count Percent of total 
Successful Unsuccessful Successful Unsuccessful 
Mon 749 803 9.15 9.80 
Tues 597 658 7.29 8.03 
Wed 588 Gaz, Wallis 9.18 
Thurs 416 358 5.08 4.37 
Fri 606 952 7:40 LiL ce 
Sat 619 861 106 10.51 
Sun 228 3 2.78 0.04 
However, using the assumption of independence, this probability is likely to 
be overestimated. 
The prior probability allows the modeler to tilt the final probability to- 
wards one or more classes. For example, when modeling a rare event, it is 
common to selectively sample the data so that the class distribution in the 
training set is more balanced. However, the modeler may wish to specify that 
the event is indeed rare by assigning it a low prior probability. If no prior is 
explicitly given, the convention is to use the observed proportions from the 
training set to estimate the prior. 
Given such a severe and unrealistic assumption, why would one consider 
this model? First, the natve Bayes model can be computed quickly, even 
for large training sets. For example, when the predictors are all categorical, 
simple lookup tables with the training set frequency distributions are all that 
are required. Secondly, despite such a strong assumption, the model performs 
competitively in many cases. 
Bayes’ Rule is essentially a probability statement. Class probabilities are 
created and the predicted class is the one associated with the largest class 
probability. The meat of the model is the determination of the conditional 
and unconditional probabilities associated with the predictors. For continu- 
ous predictors, one might choose simple distributional assumptions, such as 
normality. The nonparametric densities (such as those shown in Fig. 13.16) 
can produce more flexible probability estimates. For the grant application 
data, the predictor for the numeric day of the year has several time frames 
where an inordinate number of grants were submitted. In this figure, the black 
curve for the normal distribution is extremely broad and does not capture 
the nuances of the data. The red curve is the nonparametric estimate and 
appears produce the trends in the data with higher fidelity. 
For categorical predictors, the frequency distribution of the predictor in 
the training set is used to estimate Pr[X] and Pr[|X|Y = C;]. Table 13.1 

13.6 Naive Bayes 357 
=e ee 
0.008 li 
0.006 | 
0.004 5 
Density 
0.002 al 
0.000 
T 
0 100 200 300 
Numeric Day of Year 
Fig. 13.16: Two approaches to estimating the density function Pr[|X] for the 
day of the year. The blue line is based on a normal distribution while the red 
line is generated using a nonparametric density estimator 
shows the observed frequencies for the day of the week in which the grant 
was submitted. The columns showing the percent of total are the estimates 
of Pr{X|Y = C>] for each class. When a new sample is predicted, a simple 
lookup on this table is used to estimate the probabilities. 
An obvious issue, especially for small samples sizes, occurs when one or 
more frequencies are zero. If a predictor has no training set samples for a 
specific class, the conditional probability would be zero and, since the prob- 
abilities are multiplied together, one predictor would coerce the posterior 
probability to be zero. One method for avoiding this issue is to use a Laplace 
correction or Laplace smoothing (Niblett 1987; Zadrozny and Elkan 2001; 
Provost and Domingos 2003) where the same correction factor, usually be- 
tween one and two, is added to the numerator. For the denominator, the 
frequencies are increase by the correction factor times the number of val- 
ues of the predictor. For example, there are very low frequencies for grants 
submitted on Sunday. To correct for the extreme probabilities, a correction 
factor of one would changes the observed frequencies to 229 and 4, but the 
denominator would be increased by seven. Given the large sample size for 
the training set, this correction only has a small impact (the estimated suc- 
cess rate on Sunday is increased from 2.78 % to 2.79%). However, all of the 
three unsuccessful grants in the table were submitted after 2008. ‘Training on 
pre-2008 data would generate zero probabilities. In this case, a correction of 
value of one would change the probability for grants to 0.02% while a cor- 
rection factor of two would increase the value to 0.03%. For smaller training 
set sizes, the correction can have a substantial positive effect on the missing 
cells in the table. 

358 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
For the grant data, many of the predictors were counts. Although these 
are numbers, they are discrete values and could be treated as categories. In 
many cases, the observed frequency distribution is compact. For example, in 
the training set, the number of chief investigators in department 2,678 takes 
on the four values between 0 and 3 and has a very right-skewed distribution. 
Treating such a granular predictor as if it was generated by a symmetric nor- 
mal distribution may produce poor probability estimates. For this analysis, 
the reduced set of predictors was evaluated such that all predictors with less 
than 15 possible values were treated as discrete and their probabilities were 
calculated using their frequency distribution (such as the day of the week 
shown in Table 13.1. There were 14 predictors with more than 15 unique 
values, including the number of successful grants by chief investigators, the 
number of A* journal papers by chief investigators, and numeric day of the 
year. 
These predictors were modeled using either a normal distribution or a 
nonparametric density (the density type was treated as a tuning parameter), 
and a Laplace correction of 2 was used. When using a normal distribution 
for the continuous predictors, the area under the curve was estimated to be 
0.78, a sensitivity of 58.8%, and a specificity of 79.6%. Using nonparamet- 
ric estimation of the probability densities, the area under the ROC curve 
improves to 0.81, which corresponding increases in sensitivity (64.4%) and 
specificity (82.4%). Unfortunately, the performance for this model is on par 
with ANNs, which is substantially below the results of the other models in 
this chapter. 
Section 11.1 showed that Bayes’ Rule can be used to calibrate class proba- 
bility estimates. To do this, the true classes are used as Y, but the class proba- 
bility values for the training set are used as the “predictor” and Pr[X|Y = C?] 
is determined from the model predictions on the training set. When new sam- 
ples are predicted, the class probabilities that are generated by the model are 
post-processed using Bayes’ Rule to improve the calibration. Ironically, class 
probabilities created by apply Bayes’ Rule in the normal fashion tend not to 
be well-calibrated themselves. As the number of predictors increases (rela- 
tive to the sample size), the posterior probabilities will become more extreme 
(similar to the observation related to linear discriminant analysis shown in 
Fig. 12.11). Recall that QDA is based on Bayes’ Rule (using multivariate nor- 
mality for the predictors) and the QDA results shown in Fig. 11.1 showed poor 
calibration with two predictor variables (but was improved by recalibrating 
using another application of Bayes’ Rule). 
13.7 Computing 
The following R packages are discussed in this chapter: caret, earth, kernlab, 
klaR, MASS, mda, nnet, and rrcov. This section also. uses the same R objects 
created in the last chapter that contain the data (such as the data frame 
training). 

13.7 Computing 359 
Nonlinear Discriminant Analysis 
A number of packages are available to perform the varieties of nonlinear 
discriminant analysis described earlier in this chapter. QDA is implemented 
in the qda function in the MASS as well as an outlier-resistant version in the 
QdaCov function in the rrcov package. RDA is available in the rda function in 
the klaR package, and MDA can be found in the mda package. The syntax for 
these models is very similar and we will demonstrate their usage by fitting 
an MDA model to the grant data. 
The mda function has a model formula interface. The tuning parameter is 
the number of subclasses per class, which do not have to be the same for 
each class. For example, to fit an MDA model to the grant data with three 
subpopulations per class: 
> library (mda) 
> mdaModel <- mda(Class ~ ., 
+ ## Reduce the data to the relevant predictors and the 
+t ## class variable to use the formula shortcut above 
+ data = training[pre2008, c("Class", reducedSet)], 
te subclasses = 3) 
> mdaModel 
Call: 
mda(formula = Class ~ ., data = training[pre2008, c("Class", 
reducedSet)], subclasses = 3) 
Dimension: 5 
Percent Between-Group Variance Explained: 
vi v2 v3 v4 v5 
72.50 92.57 96.10 98.66 100.00 
Degrees of Freedom (per dimension): 253 
Training Misclassification Error: 0.18709 ( N = 6633 ) 
Deviance: 6429.499 
> predict (mdaModel, 
+ newdata = head(training[-pre2008, reducedSet] )) 
{1] successful successful successful successful successful successful 
Levels: successful unsuccessful 
Each of these nonlinear discriminant models can be built and optimal 
tuning parameters can be found using the caret package. The trControl option 
for the grants data is set as described in Sect. 12.7 and will be used here: 
> set.seed(476) 
> mdaFit <- train(training[,reducedSet], training$Class, 
+ method = "mda", 
+ metric = "ROC", 
+ tuneGrid = expand.grid(.subclasses = 1:8), 
+ trControl = ctrl) 

360 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
Similar syntax can be used for RDA (using method = "rda") and QDA (method 
values of either "rda" or "QdaCov" for the outlier-resistant version in the rrcov 
package). 
A penalized version of MDA is also available in the sparseLDA package 
with the smda function. See Clemmensen et al. (2011) for more details. 
Neural Networks 
There are many R packages for neural networks, including nnet, RSNNS, qrnn, 
and neuralnet. Two resources for using neural networks in R are Venables and 
Ripley (2002) and Sect. 7 of Bergmeir and Benitez (2012). 
The analyses here focus on the nnet package. The syntax is extremely 
similar to that of the regression models with a few exceptions. The linout 
argument should be set to FALSE since most classification models use a sig- 
moidal transformation to relate the hidden units to the outputs. The sums 
of squared errors or entropy estimates model parameters and the logical ar- 
guments softmax and entropy toggle between the two. 
The package has both a formula interface and an interface for passing 
matrices or data frames for the predictors and the outcome. For the latter, 
the outcome cannot be a factor variable and must be converted to a set of C 
binary indicators. The package contains a function, class.ind, that is useful 
in making this conversion: 
> head(class.ind(training$Class) ) 
successful unsuccessful 
(ed 1 
2a) 
{35 
[4,] 
i554 
{6,] FPOrRPRRPEF eps) ay les7=) 
Using the formula interface to fit a simple model: 
> set.seed(800) 
> nnetMod <- nnet(Class ~ NumCI + CI.1960, 
+ data = training[pre2008,], 
+ size = 3, decay = .1) 
# weights: 13 
initial value 4802.892391 
iter 10 value 4595.629073 
iter 20 value 4584.893054 
iter 30 value 4582.614616 
iter 40 value 4581.010289 
iter 50 value 4580.866146 
iter 60 value 4580.781092 
iter 70 value 4580.756342 

13.7 Computing 361 
final value 4580.756133 
converged 
> nnetMod 
a 2-3-1 network with 13 weights 
inputs: NumCI C1I.1960 
output(s): Class 
options were - entropy fitting decay=0.1 
> predict (nnetMod, newdata = head(testing)) 
aa 
6641 0.5178744 
6647 0.5178744 
6649 0.5138892 
6650 0.5837029 
6655 0.4899851 
6659 0.5701479 
> predict (nnetMod, newdata = head (testing), type = "class") 
{1] "unsuccessful" "unsuccessful" "unsuccessful" "unsuccessful" 
[5] "successful" "unsuccessful" 
When three or more classes are modeled, the basic call to predict produces 
columns for each class. 
As before, train provides a wrapper to this function to tune the model 
over the amount of weight decay and the number of hidden units. The same 
model code is used (method = "nnet") and either model interface is available, 
although train does allow factor vectors for the classes (using class.ind in- 
ternally do encode the dummy variables). Also, as in regression, model ay- 
eraging can be used via the stand-alone avNNet function or using train (with 
method = "avNNet"), 
The final model for the grant data has the following syntax: 
tuneGrid = nnetGrid, 
trace = FALSE, 
maxit = 2000, 
MaxNwts = numWts, 
## ctrl was defined in the previous chapter 
trControl = ctrl) > mnetGrid <- expand.grid(.size = 1:10, 
+ rdecdiva— GOs) yi) ti) 
> maxSize <- max(nnetGrid$.size) 
> numWts <- 1*(maxSize * (length(reducedSet) + 1) + maxSize + 1) 
> set.seed (476) 
> nnetFit <- train(x = training[,reducedSet], 
cf y = training$Class, 
+ method = "nnet", 
+ metric = "ROC", 
15 preProc = c("center", "scale", "spatialSign"), 
+ 
4 
a 
+ 
+ 
is 

362 . 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
Flexible Discriminant Analysis 
The mda package contains a function (fda) for building this model. The model 
accepts the formula interface and has an option (method) that specifies the 
exact method for estimating the regression parameters. To use FDA with 
MARS, there are two approaches. method = mars uses the MARS implemen- 
tation in the mda package. However, the earth package, previously described 
in Sect. 7.5, fits the MARS model with a wider range of options. Here, load 
the earth package and then specify method = earth. For example, a simple 
FDA model for the grant application data could be created as 
> library (mda) 
> library(earth) 
> fdaModel <- fda(Class ~ Day + NumCI, data = training[pre2008,], 
a method = earth) 
Arguments to the earth function, such as nprune, can be specified when calling 
fda and are passed through to earth. The MARS model is contained in a sub- 
object called fit: 
> summary (fdaModel$fit) 
Call: earth(x=x, y=Theta, weights=weights) 
coefficients 
(Intercept) 1.41053449 
h(Day-91) -0.01348332 
h(Day-202) 0.03259400 
h(Day-228) -0.02660477 
h(228-Day) -0.00997109 
h(Day-282) -0.00831905 
h(Day-319) 0.17945773 
h(Day-328) -0.51574151 
h(Day-332) 0.50725158 
h(Day-336) -0. 20323060 
h(1-NumC1) 0.11782107 
Selected 11 of 12 terms, and 2 of 2 predictors 
Importance: Day, NumCI 
Number of terms at each degree of interaction: 1 10 (additive model) 
GCV 0.8660403 RSS 5708.129 GRSq 0.1342208 RSq 0.1394347 
Note that the model coefficients shown here have not been post-processed. 
The final model coefficients can be found with coef (fdaMode1). To predict: 
> predict (fdaModel, head(training[-pre2008, ])) 
[1] successful successful successful successful successful successful 
Levels: successful unsuccessful 
The train function can be used with method = "fda" to tune this model over 
the number of retained terms. Additionally, the varImp function from this 
package determines predictor importance in the same manner as for MARS 
models (described in Sect. 7.2). 

13.7 Computing 363 
Support Vector Machines 
As discussed in the regression chapter, there are a number of R packages 
with implementations for support vector machine and other kernel methods, 
including e1071, kernlab, klaR, and svmPath. The most comprehensive of these 
is the kernlab package. 
The syntax for SVM classification models is largely the same as the re- 
gression case. Although the epsilon parameter is only relevant for regression, 
a few other parameters are useful for classification: 
e The logical prob.model argument triggers ksvm to estimate an additional 
set of parameters for a sigmoidal function to translate the SVM decision 
values to class probabilities using the method of Platt (2000). If this option 
is not set to TRUE, class probabilities cannot be predicted. 
e The class.weights argument assigns asymmetric costs to each class (Osuna 
et al. 1997). This can be especially important when one or more specific 
types of errors are more harmful than others or when there is a severe class 
imbalance that biases the model to the majority class (see Chap. 16). The 
syntax here is to use a named vector of weights or costs. For example, if 
there was a desire to bias the grant model to detect unsuccessful grants, 
then the syntax would be 
class.weights = c(successful = 1, unsuccessful = 5) 
This makes a false-negative error five times more costly than a false- 
positive error. Note that the implementation of class weights in ksvm affects 
the predicted class, but the class probability model is unaffected by the 
weights (in this implementation). This feature is utilized in Chap. 17. 
The following code fits a radial basis function to the reduced set of predictors 
in the grant data: 
> set.seed (202) 
> sigmaRangeReduced <- sigest(as.matrix(training[,reducedSet] )) 
> svmRGridReduced <- expand.grid(.sigma = sigmaRangeReduced[1], 
+ .C = 2°(seq(-4, 4))) 
> set.seed (476) 
> svmRModel <- train(training[,reducedSet], training$Class, 
+ method = "svmRadial", 
+ metric = "ROC", 
+ preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
=f tuneGrid = svmRGridReduced, 
+ fit = FALSE, 
+ trControl = ctrl) 
> svmRModel 
8190 samples 
252 predictors 
2 classes: 'successful', ‘unsuccessful’ 

364 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
Pre-processing: centered, scaled, 
Resampling: Repeated Train/Test Splits (1 reps, 0.75%) 
Summary of sample sizes: 6633 
Resampling results across tuning parameters: 
Cc ROC Sens Spec 
0.0625 0-866 (0.775 0.787 
OF1255 OSS eOns425 O76 
O25 0.89 0.867 0.772 
0.5 0.894 0.851 0.784 
1 0.895 0.84 0.804 
2 NaN 0.814 0.814 
4 0.887 0.814 0.812 
8 0.885 0.804 0.814 
16 0.882 0.805 0.818 
Tuning parameter 'sigma' was held constant at a value of 0.00117 
ROC was used to select the optimal model using the largest value. 
The final values used for the model were C = 1 and sigma = 0.00117. 
When the outcome is a factor, the function automatically uses prob.model = 
TRUE. 
Other kernel functions can be defined via the kernel and kpar arguments. 
Prediction of new samples follows the same pattern as other functions: 
> library (kernlab) 
> predict(svmRModel, newdata = head(training[-pre2008, reducedSet] )) 
{1] successful successful successful successful successful successful 
Levels: successful unsuccessful 
> predict (svmRModel, newdata = head(training[-pre2008, reducedSet]), 
type = "prob") 
successful unsuccessful 
1 0.9522587 0.04774130 
2 0.8510325 0.14896755 
3 0,8488238 0.15117620 
4 0.9453771 0.05462293 
5 0.9537204 0.04627964 
6 0.5009338 0.49906620 
K-Nearest Neighbors 
Fitting a K NN classification model has similar syntax to fitting a regression 
model. In this setting, the caret package with method set to "knn" generates 
the model. The syntax used to produce the top of Fig. 13.14 is 
> set.seed (476) 
> knnFit <- train(training[,reducedSet], training$Class, 

13.7 Computing 365 
50*(2:9)+1)), ae method = "knn", 
a Meir huGa = nu 
fe preProc = c("center", US Caleroe 
+ tuneGrid = data.frame(.k = c(4*(0:5)+1, 
: 20*(1:5)+1, + 
+ 
trControl = ctril) 
The following code predicts the test set data and the corresponding ROC 
curve: 
> knnFit$pred <- merge(knnFit$pred, knnFit$bestTune) 
> knnRoc <- roc(response = knnFit$pred¢obs, 
ct predictor = knnFit$pred$successful, 
+ levels = rev(levels(knnFit$pred$obs) )) 
> plot(knnRoc, legacy.axes = TRUE) 
Naive Bayes 
The two main functions for fitting the naive Bayes models in R are naiveBayes 
in the e1071 package and NaiveBayes in the klaR package. Both offer Laplace 
corrections, but the version in the klaR package has the option of using con- 
ditional density estimates that are more flexible. 
Both functions accept the formula and non-formula approaches to specify- 
ing the model terms. However, feeding these models binary dummy variables 
(instead of a factor variable) is problematic since the individual categories 
will be treated as numerical data and the model will estimate the probabil- 
ity density function (i.e., Pr[|X]) from a continuous distribution, such as the 
Gaussian. : 
To follow the strategy described above where many of the predictors are 
converted to factor variables, we create alternate versions of the training and 
test sets: 
## Some predictors are already stored as factors 
factors <- c("SponsorCode", "ContractValueBand", "Month", "Weekday") 
## Get the other predictors from the reduced set 
nbPredictors <- factorPredictors[factorPredictors “inf reducedSet] 
nbPredictors <- c(nbPredictors, factors) Y wow OM SY 
> ## Leek only those that are needed 
> nbTraining <- training[, c("Class", nbPredictors) ] 
> nbTesting <- testing[, c("Class", nbPredictors)] 
> ## Loop through the predictors and convert some to factors 
> for(i in nbPredictors) 
+ 
+ ie 
varLevels <- sort (unique(training[,i])) 

366 13 Nonlinear Classification Models 
if (length(varLevels) <= 15) 
i 
nbTraining[, i] <- factor(nbTraining[,i], 
levels = paste(varLevels)) 
nbTesting[, i] <- factor(nbTesting[,il], 
levels = paste(varLevels)) 
teh eet + + } 
Now, we can use the NaiveBayes function’s formula interface to create a model: 
> library (klaR) 
> nBayesFit <- NaiveBayes(Class ~ ., 
+ data = nbTraining[pre2008,], 
is ## Should the non-parametric estimate 
+: ## be used? 
+ usekernel = TRUE, 
+ ## Laplace correction value 
a fL = 2) 
> predict (nBayesFit, newdata = head(nbTesting) ) 
$class 
6641 6647 6649 6650 6655 6659 
successful successful successful successful successful successful 
Levels: successful unsuccessful 
$posterior 
successful unsuccessful 
6641 0.9937862 6.213817e-03 
6647 0.8143309 1.856691e-01 
6649 0.9999078 9.222923e-05 
6650 0.9992232 7.768286e-04 
6655 0.9967181 3.281949e-03 
6659 0.9922326 7.767364e-03 
In some cases, a warning appears: “Numerical 0 probability for all classes 
with observation 1.” The predict function for this model has an argument 
called threshold that replaces the zero values with a small, nonzero number 
(0.001 by default). 
The train function treats the density estimate method (i.e., usekernel) 
and the Laplace correction as tuning parameters. By default, the function 
evaluates probabilities with the normal distribution and the nonparametric 
method (and no Laplace correction). 
Exercises 
13.1. Use the* hepatic injury data from the previous exercise set (Exer- 
cise 12.1). Recall that the matrices bio and chem contain the biological assay 
and chemical fingerprint predictors for the 281 compounds, while the vector 
injury contains the liver damage classification for each compound. 

13.7 Computing 367 
(a) Work with the same training and testing sets as well as pre-processing 
steps as you did in your previous work on these data. Using the same 
classification statistic as before, build models described in this chapter 
for the biological predictors and separately for the chemical fingerprint 
predictors. Which model has the best predictive ability for the biological 
predictors and what is the optimal performance? Which model has the 
best predictive ability for the chemical predictors and what is the opti- 
mal performance? Does the nonlinear structure of these models help to 
improve the classification performance? 
(b) For the optimal models for both the biological and chemical predictors, 
what are the top five important predictors? 
(c) Now combine the biological and chemical fingerprint predictors into one 
predictor set. Re-train the same set of predictive models you built from 
part (a). Which model yields best predictive performance? Is the model 
performance better than either of the best models from part (a)? What 
are the top 5 important predictors for the optimal model? How do these 
compare with the optimal predictors from each individual predictor set? 
How do these important predictors compare the predictors from the linear 
models? 
(d) Which model (either model of individual biology or chemical fingerprints 
or the combined predictor model), if any, would you recommend using to 
predict compounds’ hepatic toxicity? Explain. 
13.2. Use the fatty acid data from the previous exercise set (Exercise 12.2). 
(a) Use the same data splitting approach (if any) and pre-processing steps 
that you did in the previous chapter. Using the same classification statistic 
as before, build models described in this chapter for these data. Which 
model has the best predictive ability? How does this optimal model’s 
performance compare to the best linear model’s performance? Would you 
infer that the data have nonlinear separation boundaries based on this 
comparison? 
(b) Which oil type does the optimal model most accurately predict? Least 
accurately predict? 

= 
ee 
Pm. a wl 2A 
7 a 
aot ee + oa et 
Feat Lene etl mened i i omer = 
= arrest Sp 
a oe a Gillian eld r 
— iaeaw ay wll = . tan 
o;3 

Chapter 14 
Classification Trees and Rule-Based 
Models 
Classification trees fall within the family of tree-based models and, similar 
to regression trees, consist of nested if-then statements. For the familiar 
two-class problem shown in the last two chapters, a simple classification tree 
might be 
if Predictor B >= 0.197 then 
| if Predictor A >= 0.13 then Class = 1 
| else Class = 2 
else Class = 2 
In this case, two-dimensional predictor space is cut into three regions (or 
terminal nodes) and, within each region, the outcome categorized into either 
“Class 1” or “Class 2.” Figure 14.1 presents the tree in the predictor space. 
Just like in the regression setting, the nested if-then statements could be 
collapsed into rules such as 
if Predictor A >= 0.13 and Predictor B >= 0.197 then Class 
if Predictor A >= 0.13 and Predictor B < 0.197 then Class 
if Predictor A < 0.13 then Class = 2 i] 
Nr 
Clearly, the structure of trees and rules is similar to the structure we saw 
in the regression setting. And the benefits and weaknesses of trees in the 
classification setting are likewise similar: they can be highly interpretable, 
can handle many types of predictors as well as missing data, but suffer from 
model instability and may not produce optimal predictive performance. The 
process for finding the optimal splits and rules, however, is slightly different 
due to a change in the optimization criteria, which will be described below. 
Random forests, boosting, and other ensemble methodologies using classi- 
fication trees or rules are likewise extended to this setting and are discussed 
in Sects. 14.3 through 14.6. 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 369 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_14, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

370 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Class 1 e Class2 @ 
Predictor B 
Class 1 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 
Predictor A 
Fig. 14.1: An example of the predicted classes within regions defined by a 
tree-based model 
14.1 Basic Classification Trees 
As with regression trees, the aim of classification trees is to partition the data 
into smaller, more homogeneous groups. Homogeneity in this context means 
that the nodes of the split are more pure (i.e., contain a larger proportion 
of one class in each node). A simple way to define purity in classification 
is by maximizing accuracy or equivalently by minimizing misclassification 
error. Accuracy as a measure of purity, however, is a bit misleading since the 
measure’s focus is on partitioning the data in a way that minimizes misclas- 
sification rather than a focus on partitioning the data in a way that place 
samples primarily in one class. 
Two alternative measures, the Gini index (Breiman et al. 1984) and cross 
entropy, which is also referred to as deviance or information (defined later 
in this section), shift the focus from accuracy to purity. For the two-class 
problem, the Gini index for a given node is defined as 
bs (Lp) pal pe), (14.1) 
where p; and py are the Class 1 and Class 2 probabilities, respectively. Since 
this is a two-class problem p; +p2 = 1, and therefore Eq. 14.1 can equivalently 

14.1 Basic Classification Trees Sal 
be written as 2p)p2. It is easy to see that the Gini index is minimized when 
either of the class probabilities is driven towards zero, meaning that the 
node is pure with respect to one of the classes. Conversely, the Gini index is 
maximized when p; = pa, the case in which the node is least pure. 
When working with a continuous predictor and a categorical response, the 
process for finding the optimal split point is similar to the process we saw in 
Sect. 8.1. First, the samples are sorted based on their predictor values. The 
split points are then the midpoints between each unique predictor value. If 
the response is binary, then this process generates a 2x2 contingency table 
at each split point. This table can be generally represented as 
@lass Glass 2 
= spht N14 192 N41 
& split ‘N21 n992 N+92 
Nyt no+ n 
The Gini index prior to the split would be 
Gini(prior to split) = 2 (=) (=) ; n 
And the Gini index can be calculated after the split within each of the new 
nodes with values 2 (2) (22) and 2 (22 J (22) for greater than and N41 M41 +2 +2 
less than or equal to the split, respectively. These values are combined using 
the proportion of samples in each part of the split as weights with (++) and 
(+42) representing the respective weights for greater than and less than or 
equal to the split. After some simplification, the Gini index to evaluate the 
split would be: 
we it) =| (DEL) (Mz) 4g (Mat) ( Bee Gini(after split) = 2 ( n ) =) 4 ( n ) Gal | 
Now consider the simple example presented in Fig. 14.1, where the contin- 
gency table for the Predictor B split is as follows: 
Class 1 Class 2 
Bee dAGe ~ “OL 0 a 8 
B= 0.197 20 OM Book 
The Gini index for the samples in the B > 0.197 split would be 0.373 and for 
the samples with B < 0.197 would be 0.354. To determine if this is a good 
overall split, these values must be combined which is done by weighting each 
purity value by the proportion of samples in the node relative to the total 
number of samples in the parent node. In this case, the weight for the B > 
0.197 split would be 0.582 and 0.418 when B < 0.197. The overall Gini index 
measure for this split would then be (0.582) (0.373) + (0.418) (0.354) = 0.365. 

372 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Here we have evaluated just one possible split point; partitioning algorithms, 
however, evaluate nearly all split points’ and select the split point value that 
minimizes the purity criterion. The splitting process continues within each 
newly created partition, therefore increasing the depth of the tree, until the 
stopping criteria is met (such as the minimum number of samples in a node 
or the maximum tree depth). 
Trees that are constructed to have the maximum depth are notorious for 
over-fitting the training data. A more generalizable tree is one that is a pruned 
version of the initial tree and can be determined by cost-complexity tuning, 
in which the purity criterion is penalized by a factor of the total number of 
terminal nodes in the tree. The cost-complexity factor is called the complexity 
parameter and can be incorporated into the tuning process so that an optimal 
value can be estimated. More details about this process can be found in 
Sect. 8.1. 
After the tree has been pruned, it can be used for prediction. In classifi- 
cation, each terminal node produces a vector of class probabilities based on 
the training set which is then used as the prediction for a new sample. In the 
simple example above, if a new sample has a value of Predictor B = 0.10, 
then predicted class probability vector would be (0.23,0.77) for Class 1 and 
Class 2, respectively. 
Similar to regression trees, classification trees can handle missing data. In 
tree construction, only samples with non-missing information are considered 
for creating the split. In prediction, surrogate splits can be used in place 
of the split for which there are missing data. Likewise, variable importance 
can be computed for classification trees by assessing the overall improvement 
in the optimization criteria for each predictor. See Sect. 8.1 for the parallel 
explanation in regression. 
When the predictor is continuous, the partitioning process for determining 
the optimal split point is straightforward. When the predictor is categorical, 
the process can take a couple of equally justifiable paths, one of which dif- 
fers from the traditional statistical modeling approach. For example, consider 
a logistic regression model which estimates slopes and intercepts associated 
with the predictors. For categorical predictors, a set of binary dummy vari- 
ables (Sect. 3.6) is created that decomposes the categories to independent bits 
of information. Each of these dummy variables is then included separately in 
the model. Tree models can also bin categorical predictors. Evaluating pu- 
rity for each of these new predictors is then simple, since each predictor has 
exactly one split point. 
For tree models, the splitting procedure may be able to make more dynamic 
splits of the data, such as groups of two or more categories on either side of the 
split. However, to do this, the algorithm must treat the categorical predictors 
as an ordered set of bits. Therefore, when fitting trees and rule-based models, 
the practitioner must make a choice regarding the treatment of categorical 
predictor data: 
' See Breiman (1996c) for a discussion of the technical nuances of splitting algorithms. 

14.1 Basic Classification Trees ane 
1. Each categorical predictor can be entered into the model as a single entity 
so that the model decides how to group or split the values. In the text, 
this will be referred to as using grouped categories. 
2. Categorical predictors are first decomposed into binary dummy variables. 
In this way, the resulting dummy variables are considered independently, 
forcing binary splits for the categories. In effect, splitting on a binary 
dummy variable prior to modeling imposes a “one-versus-all” split of the 
categories. This approach will be labelled as using independent categories. 
Which approach is more appropriate depends on the data and the model. 
For example, if a subset of the categories are highly predictive of the out- 
come, the first approach is probably best. However, as we will see later, this 
choice can have a significant effect on the complexity of the model and, as 
a consequence, the performance. In the following sections, models will be 
created using both approaches described above to assess which approach is 
model advantageous. A summary of the differences in the two approaches are 
summarized in Fig. 14.14 on p. 402 of this chapter. 
To illustrate the partitioning process for a categorical predictor, consider 
the CART model of the grant data illustrated in Fig. 14.3. The first split 
for these data is on contract value band, which has 17 possible categories, 
and places values I, J, P, and Unknown into one partition and the remaining 
categories in the other. From a combinatorial standpoint, as the number 
of possible categories increase, the number of possible category orderings 
increases factorially. The algorithmic approach must therefore take a rational 
but greedy path to ordering the categories prior to determining the optimal 
split. One approach is to order the categories based on the proportion of 
samples in a selected class. The top plot in Fig. 14.2 displays the probability 
of successful grant application within each contract value band, ordered from 
least successful to most successful. To calculate the Gini index, the split points 
are the divisions between each of the ordered categories, with the categories 
to the left placed into one group and the categories to the right placed into 
the other group. The results from these sequential partitions are presented 
in the bottom plot. Clearly, adding samples from the Unknown category to 
the samples from categories P and J greatly reduces the Gini index. While 
it is difficult to see from the figure, the minimum value occurs at the split 
point between categories I and M. Therefore, the algorithm chooses to place 
samples from contract value band I, J, P, and Unknown into one partition 
and the remaining samples into the other. Using only this split, the model 
would classify a new sample as unsuccessful if it had a contract value band 
of I, J, P, or Unknown and successful otherwise. 
Continuing the tree building process treating the predictors as grouped 
categories and pruning via cost complexity produces the tree in Fig. 14.3. 
Because the predictors are encoded, it is difficult to interpret the tree 
without an in-depth knowledge of the data. However, it is still possible to 
use the tree structure to gain insight to the relevance of the predictors to the 
response. We can also see that grouped category variables such as sponsor 

374 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Probability of Success 
o = 
oo) (=) 
© oO 
Si (e3) 
N oO 
°o (=) 
> 
a Purity = Gini Index 
N oO 
t+ 
N 2 
ap) 
N oO 
N 
N oO 
= 
N oO 
oO 
N oO 
EP UU ea MeOne Bs itt Ga Ay Piece) Te iG@i Ken ale 
Contract Value Band 
Fig. 14.2: Top: A scatter plot of the ordered probability of success (y-axis) for 
each contract value band. Bottom: The Gini index profile across each ordered 
split. The Gini index for the split points between categories Unknown, I, M, 0, 
and B are nearly equivalent, with the minimum occurring between categories 
I andM 
code, weekday, and month are relevant to the success of grant funding. The 
grouped categories model has an area under the ROC curve of 0.91 using 16 
terminal nodes. 
A CART model was also built using independent category predictors. 
Because this approach creates many more predictors, we would expect that 
the pruned tree would have more terminal nodes. Counter to intuition, the 
final pruned tree has 16 nodes and is illustrated in Fig. 14.4. This tree has 
an AUC of 0.912, and Fig. 14.5 compares its performance with the grouped 
category predictors. For classification trees using CART, there is no prac- 
tical difference in predictive performance when using grouped categories or 
independent categories predictors for the grant data. 
A comparison of Figs. 14.3 and 14.4 highlights a few interesting similarities 
and differences between how a tree model handles grouped category versus 
independent predictors. First, notice that the upper levels of the trees are gen- 
erally the same with each selecting contract value band, sponsor code, and 

375 14.1 Basic Classification Trees 
sioyotpoid 
Aroseye9 
pednoss 
Suisn 
eyep 
yueIs 
oY} 
1OJ 
JOBpPOU 
JYVO 
[euy 
ey]: 
Pl 
‘Sy 3 @0 
5 
0 
Z0 
Z0 
ZO 
0 
z0 
eo 
0 
z0 
z0 
a 
z0 
z0 
e 
z0 
z0 Q 
| FO 
2 
vO 
FO 
0 
FO 
FO 
FO 
0 
FO 
FO 
P04 
FO 
FO 
F0 
r0 90 
290 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 8 Q 80 
g 
80 
80 
80 
870 
80 
80 
370 
30 
0 
0 
s0 
80 
0 
80 es 
| 
| r= 
! 
J 
J 
J 
1 
J g88zz 
= 
u 
Ly 
691 
= 
u 
Z9I 
=u 
yout 
1zg=u 
6hZ 
= 
U 
gz 
=u 
= 
181 
=u 
ace 
=u 
ozI 
=u 
ZZ9 
= 
u 
Ze 
= \ 
j 
/ ONO roy uepy wep ‘aq / \ | | | ssosuodg 
g 
saosuods 
6 
é 
qquoyy 
siosuods 
(jz 
szosuods 
[]{ 
| 
| js 
se 
/ 
| 
| —fi-.— 
| 
ea 
| \ 
| 
| 
| = 
= 
a 
} 
| go> 
so< 
GZ 
< 
St 
> 
| 
| \ 
| P 
ey 
| 
| apop 
siosuodg 
( 
) 
( 
apog 
iosuods 
) 
| 
| a 
| 
og 
| 
| a 
e0< 
go> 
| eS 
tayIO 
co> 
c0< ¢ 
Aepyaa\ 
DS 
Be 
—s 
ss srosuods 
¢Z] 
saosuodg 
T¢ 
srosuods 
(fT 
siosuodg 
601 a 
wae sS 
— 
= Re 
ea 
SS ( 
apop 
sosuodg apog iosuodg 
ss P ee a ee ——— 
¢ GL 
= 
; mn 
‘d 
‘eT 
0‘O 
'W'1‘M‘H'D 
‘a ‘ad 
‘0 
‘a 
‘V oe 
anyeA 
49 
— ij =~ 
[nysseoonsun = [nyssaoons 

14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 376 
sf0yorpoid 
Aroseye9 
yUepusdoput 
Sursn 
yep 
yuers 
oY} 
IOJ 
[Opoul 
PAVO 
[euy 
sy, 
: z0 
5 
70 
z0 
z0 
z0 
z0 
z0 
z0 
z0 
z0 
z0 
0 
z0 
z0 
z0 
z0 
5 8 
8 v0 
4 
v0 
r0 
r0 
PO 
r0 
ial) 
ro 
r0 
v0 
PO 
PO 
v0 
FO 
PO 
PO 
a i 
£ 90 
« 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
90 
e 5 
5 80 
5 
80 
80 
80 
80 
80 
80 
80 
80 
80 
80 
80 
80 
80 
80 
80 
8 g 2 Toes 
=u 
Trp 
=u 
Té% 
=u 
6h 
=u 
we 
=u 
002 
=u 
=u 
wu 
wL=u 
Pr 
ete 
=u 
gg=u 
PRET 
=u 
9g 
=u 
19% 
=u 
T6zt 
= 
u \ Orr 
< 
Shp 
> GO< SquRIy 
1D 
squein) 
JOE 
( 
TeaX 
Jo 
See a Jaquiaaon, Teax 
jo 
ee: 
— 
21 
ON ssaoong 
# 
tosuods 
umouxuy 8@ 
{oi} 
—< isto 
GO< nyssaoonsu 
/) 
# 
epanyeg ON 
sak 
I 
d0€ 
epop 
yuri {5} 
= 
AOE 
9POD 
yueID ih 
5 

14.1 Basic Classification Trees SCL 
Sensitivity 
—e— Grouped Categories 
—t— Independent Categories 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 14.5: The CART ROC curves for the holdout data. When using grouped 
categories, the area under the curve was 0.89. With independent categories, 
the AUC was also 0.89 
number of unsuccessful and successful grants by chief investigators within the 
first four levels. Although the trees are identifying similarly important infor- 
mation, the independent category tree is much easier to interpret than the 
grouped category tree. For example, while the contract value band predictor 
is chosen as the first split in each tree, the independent category tree indicates 
that the value of Unknown is most critical for creating subsequent nodes that 
are more pure. Without producing a purity plot of the ordered categories, the 
importance of the Unknown band is masked within the grouping of bands I, J, 
P, and Unknown for the grouped category tree. Similar contrasts can be made 
with predictors of Month and Weekday, where the independent category tree 
provides further insight into the importance of specific months and weekdays. 
In the case of trees, therefore, creating independent category predictors may 
provide valuable interpretation about the relationship between predictors and 
the response that is not readily available when treating predictors as grouped 
categories. 
Another approach for classification trees is the C4.5 model (Quinlan 
1993b). Here, the splitting criteria is based on information theory (Wallace 
2005; Cover and Thomas 2006). Suppose we want to communicate some piece 
of information, such as the probability distribution of the classes in the ter- 
minal node of a tree, in a series of messages. If the probability distribution is 

378 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
extremely unbalanced, there is a high likelihood of the sample belonging to 
the majority class, thus less uncertainty when guessing. However, if the class 
probabilities in the node were even, there is high uncertainty of a sample’s 
true class. If we were trying to communicate the content of the probability 
distribution in a series of messages, on average, more information needs to be 
conveyed when there is a high degree of uncertainty in the message. Shannon 
(1948) and others developed a theory for the communication of information. 
The quantity that they call the information statistic represents the average 
number of bits needed to communicate in a message. 
In our context, suppose there are C' = 2 classes and the probability of the 
first class is p. The formal definition of the information statistic is 
info = —[plogop + (1 — p) loga(1 — p)}. 
When p = 0, it is customary to have 0/og2(0) = 0. As previously mentioned, 
the units are called bits. 
For the two class data shown in Fig. 14.1, the classes are almost even. If 
p is the proportion of samples in the first class, then p = 0.53. From this, 
the average number of bits of information to guess the true class (i.e., the 
information) would be 0.997. Now consider an unbalanced situation where 
fewer of the samples were in class 1 (p = 0.10). In this case, the information 
would be 0.46 bits, which is smaller because the class imbalance makes it 
easier to randomly guess the true class.? This metric has been previously 
discussed twice: as an objective function for neural networks (Eq. 13.3) and 
logistic regression (in Eq. 12.1 with a single data point). 
How does this relate to determining splits? Using the general contingency 
table notation from above, the total information content of the data prior to 
splitting would be 
info(prior to split) = — ae x log2 (=) = i v, log2 (=) 
n n n n 
Again, when nj = 0 or no, = 0, it is traditional to set the terms inside the 
brackets to zero. 
We can measure the improvement in the information criteria that would 
be induced by creating splits in a classification tree. The information gain® 
(or simply the gain) would be 
gain(split) = info(prior to split) — in fo(after split). 
2 An alternate way to think of this is in terms of entropy, a measure of uncertainty. 
When the classes are balanced 50/50, we have no real ability to guess the outcome: 
it is as uncertain as possible. However, if ten samples were in class 1, we would have 
less uncertainty since it is more likely that a random data point would be in class 1. 
3 Also known as the mutual information statistic. This statistic is discussed again in 
Chap. 18. 

14.1 Basic Classification Trees 379 
Splits with larger information gains are more attractive than those with 
smaller gains. 
For the binary split shown in the table above, the information after the 
split would be the sum of the information values from each of the resulting 
partitions. For example, the information for the data with values greater than 
the split value is 
info(greater) = — = lege Soa | we i log2 poe M41 M44 M41 M47 
The formula for the data on the other side of the split is analogous. The total 
information after the split is a weighted average of these values where the 
weights are related to the number of samples in the leaves of the split 
me Tied N42. in fo(after split) = so in fo(greater) + eo in fo(less than). n n 
Going back to the two class data, consider the predictor B split at a value of 
0.197. The information when B > 0.197 is 0.808 and, on the other side of the 
split, the value is 0.778 when weighted by the proportion of samples on each 
side of the split, the total information is 0.795, a gain of 0.997 —0.795 = 0.201 
Suppose, on the other hand, another split chosen that was completely non- 
informative, the information after the split would be the same as prior to the 
split, so the gain would be zero. 
For continuous predictors, a tree could be constructed by searching for the 
predictor and single split that maximizes the information gain.* For these 
data, this gain is the largest when splitting predictor B at 0.197 and this is 
the split shown in Fig. 14.1. It also turns out that this split is also the best 
split for the Gini criterion used by CART. 
There is one issue with this strategy. Since the predictors might have differ- 
ent numbers of possible values, the information gain criteria is biased against 
predictors that have a large number of possible outcomes (i.e., would fa- 
vor categorical predictors with only a few distinct values over continuous 
predictors). This phenomenon is similar to the previously discussed bias for 
regression trees in Sect.8.1. In this case, the bias is related to the ability 
of the algorithm to split the categorical predictors many ways (instead of 
a binary split on continuous predictors). The multi-way splits are likely to 
have larger gains. To correct for the bias, the gain ratio is used, which di- 
vides the gain by a measure of the amount of information in the split itself. 
Quinlan (1993b) shows additional examples of these calculations while Quin- 
lan (1996b) describes refinements to this procedure for continuous predictors 
using the minimum description length (MDL) principle. 
4 By default, C4.5 uses simple binary split of continuous predictors. However, Quinlan 
(1993b) also describes a technique called soft thresholding that treats values near the 
split point differently. For brevity, this is not discussed further here. 

380 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
When evaluating splits of categorical predictors, one strategy is to repre- 
sent the predictor using multi-way splits such that there is a separate split for 
each category. When a predictor has a large number of possible values, this 
can lead to overly complex trees. For example, the sponsor code predictor 
in the grant data have 298 unique values. If this predictor were considered 
important, an initial 298-way split of the data would be created (prior to 
pruning). After the pruning process described below, some of these splits are 
likely to be combined and simplified. 
Chapter 7 of Quinlan (1993b) describes a modified approach for creat- 
ing multi-way splits that have the ability to group two or more categories. 
Prior to evaluating a categorical predictor as a split variable, the model first 
enumerates the gain ratio when the predictor is represented as: 
e A multi-way split with as many splits as distinct values (i.e., the default 
approach where each category is a separate split). 
e Multi-way splits for all possible combinations when two categories are 
grouped together and the others are split separately. 
Based on the results of these representations of the predictor, a greedy al- 
gorithm is used to find the best categories to merge. As a result, there are 
many possible representations of the categorical predictor. Once the model 
constructs the final groupings, the gain ratio is calculated for this configura- 
tion. The ratio is compared to the other predictors when searching for the 
best split variable. This process is repeated each time the model conducts 
a search for a new split variable. This option is computationally expensive 
and may have a minimal impact on the tree if the categorical predictors 
have only a few possible levels. Unfortunately, this option is not available in 
the implementation of C4.5 that is currently available (in the Weka software 
suite under the name J48). The effect of this option on the data cannot be 
directly demonstrated here, but will be shown later when describing C5.0 (the 
descendent of C4.5). Since this can have a profound impact on the model, we 
will label this version of C4.5 as J48 to differentiate the versions. 
When constructing trees with training sets containing missing predictor 
values, C4.5 makes several adjustments to the training process: 
e When calculating the information gain, the information statistics are calcu- 
lated using the non-missing data then scaled by the fraction of non-missing 
data at the split. 
e Recall that C4.5 deals with selection bias by adjusting the gain statistic 
by the information value for the predictor. When the predictor contains 
missing values, the number of branches is increased by one; missing data 
are treated as an “extra” category or value of the predictor. 
e Finally, when the class distribution is determined for the resulting splits, 
missing predictor values contribute fractionally to each class. The frac- 
tional contribution of the data points are based on the class distribution 
of the non-missing values. For example, suppose 11 samples are being split 
and one value was missing. If three samples are Class #1 and the rest are 

14.1 Basic Classification Trees 381 
Class #2, the missing value would contribute 0.30 to Class #1 and 0.70 
to Class #2 (on both sides of the split). 
Because of this accounting, the class frequency distribution in each node may 
not contain whole numbers. Also, the number of errors in the terminal node 
can be fractional. 
Like CART, C4.5 builds a large tree that is likely to over-fit the data then 
prunes the tree back with two different strategies: 
e Simple elimination of a sub-tree. 
e Raising a sub-tree so that it replaces a node further up the tree. 
Whereas CART uses cost complexity pruning, pessimistic pruning evaluates 
whether the tree should be simplified. Consider the case where a sub-tree is 
a candidate for removal. Pessimistic pruning estimates the number of errors 
with and without the sub-tree. However, it is well-known that the apparent 
error rate is extremely optimistic. To counteract this, pessimistic pruning 
calculates an upper confidence bound on the number of errors—this is the 
pessimistic estimate of the number of errors. This is computed with and 
without the sub-tree. If the estimated number of errors without the sub-tree 
is lower than the tree that includes it, the sub-tree is pruned from the model. 
When determining the estimated error rate, C4.5 uses a default confidence 
level for the interval of 0.25 (called the confidence factor). This can be con- 
sidered a tuning parameter for the model, as increasing the confidence factor 
leads larger trees. While intuitive, this approach stands on shaky statistical 
grounds, Quinlan (1993b) acknowledges this, saying that the approach 
“does violence to statistical notions of sampling and confidence lhmits, so the 
reasoning should be taken with a grain of salt.” 
That said, this technique can be very effective and is more computationally 
efficient than using cross-validation to determine the appropriate size of the 
tree. 
Once the tree has been grown and pruned, a new sample is classified by 
moving down the appropriate path until it reaches the terminal node. Here, 
the majority class for the training set data falling into the terminal node is 
used to predict a new sample. A confidence value, similar to a class proba- 
bility, can also be calculated on the basis of the class frequencies associated 
with the terminal nodes. Quinlan (1993b) describes how upper and lower 
ranges for the confidence factors can be derived from calculations similar to 
the pessimistic pruning algorithm described above. 
When predicting a sample with one or more missing values, the sample is 
again treated fractionally. When a split is encountered for a variable that is 
missing in the data, each possible path down the tree is determined. Ordinar- 
ily, the predicted class would be based on the class with the largest frequency 
from a single terminal node. Since the missing value could have possibly 
landed in more than one terminal node, each class receives a weighted vote 
to determine the final predicted class. The class weights for all the relevant 

382 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Sensitivity 
—e— Grouped Categories 
—— Independent Categories 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 120) 
1 - Specificity 
Fig. 14.6: The J48 ROC curves for the holdout data using two different ap- 
proaches for handling categorical predictors. The symbols (filled circle and 
plus) represent the 50% probability cutoff. The areas under the curves were 
0.835 when using grouped categories and 0.842 when using independent cat- 
egories. The grey line corresponds to the previous CART model 
terminal nodes are aggregated and the class associated with the largest total 
weight is used to predict the sample. In this way, each terminal node with 
possible associations with the sample contributes to the overall prediction. 
J48 trees were created for the grant application data. Although the confi- 
dence factor could be treated as a tuning parameter, our experience is that 
the default value (0.25) works well. Two models were fit using the two differ- 
ent approaches for representing the categorical predictors. Based on the prior 
discussion, there is the expectation that treating the categories as a cohesive 
set will results in a much larger tree than one using independent categories. 
This is exactly the case for these data. Grouping the categories resulted in 
a pruned tree with 2,918 terminal nodes. This was primarily due to a large 
number of splits using the sponsor code; 2,384 splits out of 2,918 (82%) in- 
volve this predictor. When using independent categories, the tree was much 
smaller (821 terminal nodes). 
The area under the ROC curve for the large model was 0.835, compared 
to 0.842 when using independent categories. Figure 14.6 shows the two ROC 
curves and the points on each curve corresponding to the default 50% prob- 
ability cutoff. From this, it is clear that the specificities are about the same 
for each approach (81.7% for the larger model vs. 83.8%), but there is a 

14.2 Rule-Based Models 383 
significant difference in the sensitivity of the models; the more complex model 
resulted in a sensitivity of 83.9% while the independent category model 
had relatively poor ability to* predict successful grants (with a sensitivity 
of 76.8%). However, these statistics are based on the nominal 50% cutoff for 
success. The curves overlap considerably and alternate cutoffs would produce 
almost identical results (see Sect. 16.4). 
While CART and C4.5 classification trees are the most widely used, there 
has been extensive research in this area and many other proposals for tree- 
based models. For example, as discussed in the section on regression trees, 
conditional inference trees (Hothorn et al. 2006) avoid selection bias during 
splitting. Also, several techniques exist (Frank et al. 1998; Loh 2002; Chan and 
Loh 2004; Zeileis et al. 2008) that use more complex models in the terminal 
nodes, similar to M5 and Cubist. Other types of splits can be employed. For 
example, Breiman et al. (1984) introduced the idea of splitting on a linear 
combination of the predictors. These oblique trees may be beneficial when 
the classes are linearly separable, which traditional splits have a difficult 
time approximating. Menze et al. (2011) discusses tree ensemble models with 
oblique trees. 
14.2 Rule-Based Models 
As previously discussed, rule-based models consist of one or more independent 
conditional statements. Unlike trees, a sample may be predicted from a set 
of rules. Rules have a long history as classifiers and this section will discuss 
approaches for creating classification rules. 
C4.5Rules 
There are several different philosophies and algorithms for creating rule-based 
models from classification trees. Some of the first were described by Quinlan 
(1987) and Quinlan (1993b). This model, called C4.5Rules, builds on the C4.5 
tree methodology described in the last section. To start, an unpruned tree is 
created, then each path through the tree is collapsed into an individual rule. 
Given this initial set, each rule is evaluated individually to assess whether 
it can be generalized by eliminating terms in the conditional statement. The 
pruning process here is similar to the one used to prune C4.5 trees. For a rule, 
the model first calculates a baseline pessimistic error rate, then removes each 
condition in the rule in isolation. Once a condition is removed, the pessimistic 
error rate is recomputed. If any error rate is smaller than the baseline, the 
condition associated with the smallest error rate is removed. The process is 
repeated until all conditions are above the baseline rate or all conditions are 

384 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
removed. In the latter case, the rule is completely pruned from the model. 
The table below shows the pruning process with a five condition rule for the 
grant data: 
Pessimistic error rate 
Condition Passi. Pass 2. Pass 3 
Baseline 14.9 5.8 Dae 
First day of year L29° 332 
Zero unsuccessful grants (CI) 77.3 53.5 50.7 
Number of Cl £20 26 LOM 
Number of SCI 18.0 8.1 (es 
Zero successful grants (CI) 5.8 
On the first pass, removing the condition associated with zero successful 
grants by a chief investigator has the least impact on the error rate, so this 
condition is deleted from the rule. Three passes of pruning were needed until 
none of the error rates were below the baseline rate. Also, note that the 
pessimistic error rate decreases with each iteration. Finally, the condition 
related to zero unsuccessful grants for a chief investigator appears to have 
the most importance to the rule since the error rate is the largest when the 
condition is removed from the rule. 
After the conditions have been pruned within each rule, the set of rules 
associated with each class are processed separately to reduce and order the 
rules. First, redundant or ineffective rules are removed using the MDL princi- 
ple [see Quinlan and Rivest (1989) and Chap. 5 of Quinlan (1993b)]. An MDL 
metric is created that encapsulates a ruleset’s performance and complexity— 
for two rulesets with equivalent performance, the simpler collection of rules is 
favored by the metric. Within each class, an initial group of groups is assem- 
bled such that every training set sample is covered by at least one rule. These 
are combined into the initial ruleset. Starting with this set, search methods 
(such as greedy hill climbing or simulated annealing) are used to add and 
remove rules until no further improvements can be made on the ruleset. The 
second major operation within a class is to order the rules from most to least 
accurate. 
Once the rulesets within each class have been finalized, the classes are 
ordered based on accuracy and a default class is chosen for samples that have 
no relevant rules. When predicting a new sample, each rule is evaluated in 
order until one is satisfied. The predicted class corresponds to the class for 
the first active rule. 

14.3 Bagged Trees 385 
1 repeat 
2 Create a pruned classification tree 
5 Determine the path through the tree with the largest coverage 
4 Add this path as a rule to the rule set 
5 Remove the training set samples covered by the rule 
6 until all training set samples are covered by a rule 
Algorithm 14.1: The PART algorithm for constructing rule-based 
models (Frank and Witten 1998) 
PART 
C4.5Rules follows the philosophy that the initial set of candidate rules are 
developed simultaneously then post-processed into an improved model. Al- 
ternatively, rules can be created incrementally. In this way, a new rule can 
adapt to the previous set of rules and may more effectively capture important 
trends in the data. 
Frank and Witten (1998) describe another rule model called PART shown 
in Algorithm 14.1. Here, a pruned C4.5 tree is created from the data and the 
path through the tree that covers the most samples is retained as a rule. The 
samples covered by the rule are discarded from the data set and the process 
is repeated until all samples are covered by at least one rule. Although the 
model uses trees to create the rules, each rule is created separately and has 
more potential freedom to adapt to the data. 
The PART model for the grant data slightly favored the grouped category 
model. For this model, the results do not show an improvement above and 
beyond the previous models: the estimated sensitivity was 77.9%, the speci- 
ficity was 80.2%, and the area under the ROC curve (not shown) was 0.809. 
The model contained 360 rules. Of these, 181 classify grants as successful 
while the other 179 classify grants as unsuccessful. Here, the five most pro- 
lific predictors were sponsor code (332 rules), contract value band (30 rules), 
the number of unsuccessful grants by chief investigators (27 rules), the num- 
ber of successful grants by chief investigators (26 rules), and the number of 
chief investigators (23 rules). 
14.3 Bagged Trees 
Bagging for classification is a simple modification to bagging for regression 
(Sect. 8.4). Specifically, the regression tree in Algorithm 8.1 is replaced with 
an unpruned classification tree for modeling C’ classes. Like the regression 

386 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Table 14.1: The 2008 holdout set confusion matrix for the random forest 
model 
Observed class 
Successful Unsuccessful 
Successful A491 144 
Unsuccessful 79 843 
This model had an overall accuracy of 85.7%, a sensitivity of 86.1%, and a 
specificity of 85.4% 
setting, each model in the ensemble is used to predict the class of the new 
sample. Since each model has equal weight in the ensemble, each model can 
be thought of as casting a vote for the class it thinks the new sample belongs 
to. The total number of votes within each class are then divided by the total 
number of models in the ensemble (AZ) to produce a predicted probability 
vector for the sample. The new sample is then classified into the group that 
has the most votes, and therefore the highest probability. 
For the grant data, bagging models were built using both strategies for 
categorical predictors. As discussed in the regression trees chapter, bagging 
performance often plateaus with about 50 trees, so 50 was selected as the 
number of trees for each of these models. Figure 14.7 illustrates the bagging 
ensemble performance using either independent or grouped categories. Both 
of these ROC curves are smoother than curves produced with classification 
trees or J48, which is an indication of bagging’s ability to reduce variance via 
the ensemble. Additionally, both bagging models have better AUCs (0.92 for 
both) than either of the previous models. For these data, there seems to be 
no obvious difference in performance for bagging when using either indepen- 
dent or grouped categories; the ROC curves, sensitivities, and specificities 
are all nearly identical. The holdout set performance in Fig. 14.7 shows an 
improvement over the J48 results (Fig. 14.6). 
Similar to the regression setting, variable importance measures can be cal- 
culated by aggregating variable importance values from the individual trees in 
the ensemble. Variable importance of the top 16 predictors for both the inde- 
pendent and grouped category bagged models set are presented in Fig. 14.15, 
and a comparison of these results is left to the reader in Exercise 14.1. 
14.4 Random Forests 
Random forests for classification requires a simple tweak to the random forest 
regression algorithm (Algorithm 8.2): a classification tree is used in place of 

14.4 Random Forests 387 
Sensitivity 
—e— Grouped Categories 
—t— Independent Categories 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 -— Specificity 
Fig. 14.7: The ROC curves for the bagged classification tree model. The area 
under the curves for both models was 0.92. The sensitivities and specificities 
were 82.98 and 85.71, respectively 
a regression tree. As with bagging, each tree in the forest casts a vote for 
the classification of a new sample, and the proportion of votes in each class 
across the ensemble is the predicted probability vector. 
While the type of tree changes in the algorithm, the tuning parameter 
of number of randomly selected predictors to choose from at each split is 
the same (denoted as m:ry). As in regression, the idea behind randomly 
sampling predictors during training is to de-correlate the trees in the forest. 
For classification problems, Breiman (2001) recommends setting mz,, to the 
square root of the number of predictors. To tune m;,,, we recommend starting 
with five values that are somewhat evenly spaced across the range from 2 to 
P, where P is the number of predictors. We likewise recommend starting with 
an ensemble of 1,000 trees and increasing that number if performance is not 
yet close to a plateau. 
For the most part, random forest for classification has very similar prop- 
erties to the regression analog discussed previously, including: 
e The model is relatively insensitive to values of Mery. 
e As with most trees, the data pre-processing requirements are minimal. 
e Out-of- bag measures of performance can be calculated, including accuracy, 
sensitivity, specificity, and confusion matrices. 

388 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
° 
foe) 
° 
© 
iS 
2 a 
(= 
B+ oO 
N 
ro) 
—e— Grouped Categories 
A —t— Independent Categories 
ro) T 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 14.8: The ROC curves for the random forest model. The area under the 
curve for independent categories was 0.92 and for the grouped category model 
the AUC was 0.9 
One difference is the ability to weight classes differentially. This aspect of the 
model is discussed more in Chap. 16. 
Random forest models were built on both independent and grouped cat- 
egory models. The tuning parameter, m;;,, was evaluated at values rang- 
ing from 5 to 1,000. For independent categories, the optimal tuned value of 
Mtry was 100, and for grouped categories the value was also 250. Figure 14.8 
presents the results, and in this case the independent categories have a slightly 
higher AUC (0.92) than the grouped category approach (0.9). The binary pre- 
dictor model also has better sensitivity (86.1% vs. 84.7%) but slightly worse 
specificity (85.4% vs. 87.2%). 
For single trees, variable importance can be determined by aggregating 
the improvement in the optimization objective for each predictor. For ran- 
dom forests, the improvement criteria (default is typically the Gini index) is 
aggregated across the ensemble to generate an overall variable importance 
measure. Alternatively, predictors’ impact on the ensemble can be calculated 
using a permutation approach (Breiman 2000) as discussed in Sect. 8.5. Vari- 
able importance values based on aggregated improvement have been com- 
puted for the grant data for both types of predictors and the most important 

14.5 Boosting 389 
predictors are presented in Fig. 14.15. The interpretation is left to the reader 
in Exercise 14.1. 
Conditional inference trees ¢an also be used as the base learner for random 
forests. But current implementations of the methodology are computation- 
ally burdensome for problems that are the relative size of the grant data. 
A comparison of the performance of random forests using CART trees and 
conditional inference trees is explored in Exercise 14.3. 
14.5 Boosting 
Although we have already discussed boosting in the regression setting, the 
method was originally developed for classification problems (Valiant 1984; 
Kearns and Valiant 1989), in which many weak classifiers (e.g., a classifier 
that predicts marginally better than random) were combined into a strong 
classifier. There are many species of boosting algorithms, and here we discuss 
the major ones. 
AdaBoost 
In the early 1990s several boosting algorithms appeared (Schapire 1990; Fre- 
und 1995) to implement the original theory. Freund and Schapire (1996) 
finally provided the first practical implementation of boosting theory in 
their famous AdaBoost algorithm; an intuitive version is provided in Al- 
gorithm 14.2. 
To summarize the algorithm, AdaBoost. generates a sequence of weak clas- 
sifiers, where at each iteration the algorithm finds the best classifier based on 
the current sample weights. Samples that are incorrectly classified in the Ath 
iteration receive more weight in the (& + 1)st iteration, while samples that 
are correctly classified receive less weight in the subsequent iteration. This 
means that samples that are difficult to classify receive increasingly larger 
weights until the algorithm identifies a model that correctly classifies these 
samples. Therefore, each iteration of the algorithm is required to learn a dif- 
ferent aspect of the data, focusing on regions that contain difficult-to-classify 
samples. At each iteration, a stage weight is computed based on the error rate 
at that iteration. The nature of the stage weight described in Algorithm 14.2 
implies that more accurate models have higher positive values and less ac- 
curate models have lower negative values.” The overall sequence of weighted 
classifiers is then combined into an ensemble and has a strong potential to 
classify better than any of the individual classifiers. 
5 Because a weak classifier is used, the stage values are often close to zero. 

390 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
1 Let one class be represented with a value of +1 and the other with a 
value of -1 
2 Let each sample have the same starting weight (1/n) 
S100 boos todo 
Fit a weak classifier using the weighted samples and compute 
the kth model’s misclassification error (err, ) 
5 Compute the kth stage value as In ((1 — erry) /errg). 
6 Update the sample weights giving more weight to incorrectly 
predicted samples and less weight to correctly predicted samples 
7 end 
8 Compute the boosted classifier’s prediction for each sample by 
multiplying the kth stage value by the Ath model prediction and 
adding these quantities across k. If this sum is positive, then classify 
the sample in the +1 class, otherwise the -1 class. 
Algorithm 14.2: AdaBoost algorithm for two-class problems 
Boosting can be applied to any classification technique, but classification 
trees are a popular method for boosting since these can be made into weak 
learners by restricting the tree depth to create trees with few splits (also 
known as stumps). Breiman (1998) gives an explanation for why classifica- 
tion trees work particularly well for boosting. Since classification trees are a 
low bias/high variance technique, the ensemble of trees helps to drive down 
variance, producing a result that has low bias and low variance. Working 
through the lens of the AdaBoost algorithm, Johnson and Rayens (2007) 
showed that low variance methods cannot be greatly improved through boost- 
ing. Therefore, boosting methods such as LDA or ANN will not show as 
much improvement as boosting methods such as neural networks (Freund 
and Schapire 1996) or naive Bayes (Bauer and Kohavi 1999). 
Stochastic Gradient Boosting 
As mentioned in Sect. 8.6, Friedman et al. (2000) worked to provide statis- 
tical insight of the AdaBoost algorithm. For the classification problem, they 
showed that it could be interpreted as a forward stagewise additive model that 
minimizes an exponential loss function. This framework led to algorithmic 
generalizations such as Real AdaBoost, Gentle AdaBoost, and LogitBoost. 
Subsequently, these generalizations were put into a unifying framework called 
gradient boosting machines which was previously discussed in the regression 
trees chapter. 

14.5 Boosting 391 
1 Initialized all predictions to the sample log-odds: fate = log 
2-for aeration p= ln. oM ‘do 
3 Compute the residual (i.e. gradient) 2; = y; — p; 
4 Randomly sample the training data 
SS Train a tree model on the random subset using the residuals as 
the outcome 
6 Compute the terminal node estimates of the Pearson residuals: 
. — L/n i (yi=Pi) 
Tie Bl DO 
i 9 Update the current model using f; = f; + A fe ) 
8 end 
Algorithm 14.3: Simple gradient boosting for classification (2-class) 
Akin to the regression setting, when trees are used as the base learner, 
basic gradient boosting has two tuning parameters: tree depth (or interac- 
tion depth) and number of iterations. One formulation of stochastic gradient 
boosting models an event probability, similar to what we saw in logistic re- 
gression, by 
= 1 
~ 1+exp|—f(z))’ Pi 
where f(x) is a model prediction in the range of |[—oo, co]. For example, an 
initial estimate of the model could be the sample log odds, fo = log eat 
where p is the sample proportion of one class from the training set. 
Using the Bernoulli distribution, the algorithm for stochastic gradient 
boosting for two classes is shown in Algorithm 14.3. 
The user can tailor the algorithm more specifically by selecting an appro- 
priate loss function and corresponding gradient (Hastie et al. 2008). Shrinkage 
can be implemented in the final step of Algorithm 14.3. Furthermore, this al- 
gorithm can be placed into the stochastic gradient boosting framework by 
adding a random sampling scheme prior to the first step in the inner For 
loop. Details about this process can be found in Sect. 8.6. 
For the grant data a tuning parameter grid was constructed where inter- 
action depth ranged from 1 to 9, number of trees ranged from 100 to 2,000, 
and shrinkage ranged from 0.01 to 0.1. This grid was applied to constructing 
a boosting model where the categorical variables were treated as indepen- 
dent categories and separately as grouped categories. For the independent 
category model, the optimal area under the ROC curve was 0.94, with an 
interaction depth of 9, number of trees 1,300, and shrinkage 0.01. For the 
grouped category model, the optimal area under the ROC curve was 0.92, 
with an interaction depth of 7, number of trees 100, and shrinkage 0.01 (see 

392 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Fig. 14.9). In this case, the independent category model performs better than 
the grouped category model on the basis of ROC. However, the number of 
trees in each model was substantially different, which logically follows since 
the binary predictor set is larger than the grouped categories. 
An examination of the tuning parameter profiles for the grouped category 
and independent category predictors displayed in Figs. 14.10 and 14.11 reveals 
some interesting contrasts. First, boosting independent category predictors 
has almost uniformly better predictive performance across tuning parame- 
ter settings relative to boosting grouped category predictors. This pattern is 
likely because only one value for many of the important grouped category 
predictors contains meaningful predictive information. Therefore, trees using 
the independent category predictors are more easily able to find that infor- 
mation quickly which then drives the boosting process. Within the grouped 
category predictors, increasing the shrinkage parameter almost uniformly de- 
grades predictive performance across tree depth. These results imply that for 
the grouped category predictors, boosting obtains most of its predictive infor- 
mation from a moderately sized initial tree, which is evidenced by comparable 
AUCs between a single tree (0.89) and the optimal boosted tree (0.92). 
Boosting independent category predictors shows that as the number of 
trees increases, model performance improves for low values of shrinkage and 
degrades for higher values of shrinkage. But, whether a lower or higher value 
of shrinkage is selected, each approach finds peak predictive performance 
at an ROC of approximately 0.94. This result implies, for these data, that 
boosting can find an optimal setting fairly quickly without the need for too 
much shrinkage. 
Variable importance for boosting in the classification setting is calculated 
in a similar manner to the regression setting: within each tree in the ensemble, 
the improvement based on the splitting criteria for each predictor is aggre- 
gated. ‘These importance values are then averaged across the entire boosting 
ensemble. 
14.6 C5.0 
C5.0 is a more advanced version of Quinlan’s C4.5 classification model that 
has additional features, such as boosting and unequal costs for different types 
of errors. Like C4.5, it has tree- and rule-based versions and shares much of 
its core algorithms with its predecessor. Unlike C4.5 or Cubist, there is very 
little literature on the improvements and our description comes largely from 
evaluating the program source code, which was made available to the public 
in 200. / 
The model has many features and options and our discussion is broken 
down into four separate areas: creating a single classification tree, the cor- 

14.6 C5.0 393 
Sensitivity 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 - Specificity 
Fig. 14.9: The ROC curves for the boosted tree model. The area under the 
curve for independent categories was 0.936 and for the grouped category 
model the AUC was 0.916 
500 1000 1500 2000 
2 © nm 
= Re) ro) 
0.88 5 
ROC (Repeated Train/Test Splits) 0.86 4 
zi 1 alice T Team 
500 1000 1500 2000 
#Trees 
Fig. 14.10: Tuning parameter profiles for the boosted tree model using 
grouped categories 

394 14 Cisse eatin Trees and Rule-Based Models 
500 1000 1500 2000 
‘ shrinkage: 0.10 shrinkage: 0.01 
ROC (Repeated Train/Test Splits) 
500 1000 1500 2000 
#Trees 
Fig. 14.11: Tuning parameter profiles for the boosted tree model using inde- 
pendent categories 
responding rule-based model, C5.0’s boosting procedure, and miscellaneous 
features of the algorithm (e.g., variable importance etc). 
Classification Trees 
C5.0 trees have several basic improvements that are likely to generate smaller 
trees. For example, the algorithm will combine nonoccurring conditions for 
splits with several categories. It also conducts a final global pruning proce- 
dure that attempts to remove the sub-trees with a cost-complexity approach. 
Here, sub-trees are removed until the error rate exceeds one standard error 
of the baseline rate (i.e., no pruning). Initial experimentation suggests that 
these additional procedures tend to create simpler trees than the previous 
algorithm. 
The nominal C5.0 tree was fit to the grant data with the categorical pre- 
dictors treated as cohesive sets. The tree had 86 terminal nodes and resulted 
in an area under the ROC curve of 0.685. The five most prolific predictors in 
the tree were contract value band (six splits), numeric day of the year (six 
splits), sponsor code (five splits), category code (four splits), and day of the 
week (four splits). Recall that the analogous J48 tree had many more terminal 
nodes (2,918), which was primarily due to how splits were made on categor- 

14.6 C5.0 395 
ical variables with many possible values, such as the sponsor code. The C5.0 
tree avoids this issue using the heuristic algorithm described in Sect. 14.1 that 
attempts to consolidate the catégories into two or more smaller groups. If this 
option is turned off in C5.0, the tree is much larger (213 terminal nodes) due 
to the categorical predictors. However, the area under the ROC curve for the 
larger tree (0.685) is nearly the same as the smaller tree. 
Neither C5.0 model approaches the size of the previously described J48 
tree. For J48 and C5.0 (without grouping), categorical predictors with many 
values are used in more splits, and, at each split, they tend to result in more 
than two branches when the grouping option is not used. 
Classification Rules 
The process used for creating rules is similar to C4.5; an initial tree is grown, 
collapsed into rules, then the individual rules are simplified via pruning and a 
global procedure is used on the entire set to potentially reduce the number of 
constituent rules. The process for pruning conditions within a rule and sim- 
plifying the ruleset follows C4.5, but C5.0 does not order the rules. Instead, 
when predicting new samples, C5.0 uses all active rules, each of which votes 
for the most likely class. The votes for each class are weighted by the confi- 
dence values and the class associated with the highest vote is used. However, 
the predicted confidence value is the one associated with the most specific 
active rule. Recall that C4.5 sorts the rules, and uses the first active rule for 
prediction. 
The grant data were analyzed with this algorithm. The rule-based model 
consists of 22 rules with an estimated area under the ROC curve of 0.675. 
The complexity of the model is much simpler than PART. When ordered by 
the confidence value of the rule, the top three rules to predict a successful 
grant are: 
1. (First day of the year) 
2. (The number of chief investigators > 0) and (the number of principal 
supervisors < 0) and (the number of student chief investigators < 0) and 
(the number of unsuccessful grants by chief investigators < 0) and (SEO 
code 4 730106) and (numeric day of the year < 209) 
3. (The number of external chief investigators < 0) and (the number of chief 
investigators born around 1975 < 0) and (the number of successful grants 
by chief investigators < 0) and (numeric day of the year > 109) and (un- 
known category code) and (day of the week in Tues, Fri, Mon, Wed, Thurs) 
Similarly, the top three rules for unsuccessful grants are: 
1. (The number of unsuccessful grants by chief investigators > 0) and (nu- 
meric day of the year > 327) and (sponsor code in 2B, 4D, 24D, 60D, 

396 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
90B, 32D, 176D, 7C, 173A, 269A) and (contract value band in Unk, J) 
and (CategoryCode in 10A, 30B, 30D, 30C) 
2. (The number of chief investigators < 1) and (the number of unsuccessful 
grants by chief investigators > 0) and (the number of B journal papers 
by chief investigators > 3) and (sponsor code = 4D) and (contract value 
band in B, Unk, J) and (Month in Nov, Dec, Feb, Mar, May, Jun) 
3. (The number of chief investigators > 0) and (the number of chief inves- 
tigators born around 1945 < 0) and (the number of successful grants by 
chief investigators < 0) and (numeric day of the year > 209) and (sponsor 
code in 21A, 60D, 172D, 53A, 103C, 150B, 175C, 93A, 207C, 294B) 
There were 11 rules to predict successful grants and 11 for unsuccessful 
outcomes. The predictors involved in the most rules were the number of 
unsuccessful grants by chief investigators (11 rules), contract value band (9 
rules), category code (8 rules), numeric day of the year (8 rules), and Month 
(5 rules). 
C5.0 has other features for rule-based models. For example, the model can 
create utility bands. Here, the utility is measured as the increase in error that 
occurs when the rule is removed from the set. The rules are ordered with 
an iterative algorithm: the model removes the rule with the smallest utility 
and recomputes the utilities for the other rules. The sequence in which the 
rules are removed defines their importance. For example, the first rule that is 
removed is associated with the lowest utility and the last rule with the highest 
utility. The bands are groups of rules of roughly equal size based on the utility 
order (highest to smallest). The relationship between the cumulative error 
rate can be profiled as the groups of rules are added to the model. 
Boosting 
C5.0’s boosting procedure is similar to the previously described AdaBoost 
algorithm in the basic sense: models are fit sequentially and each iteration 
adjusts the case weights based on the accuracy of a sample’s prediction. There 
are, however, some notable differences. First, C5.0 attempts to create trees 
that are about the same size as the first tree by coercing the trees to have 
about the same number of terminal nodes per case as the initial tree. Previ- 
ous boosting techniques treated the tree complexity as a tuning parameter. 
Secondly, the model combines the predictions from the constituent trees dif- 
ferently than AdaBoost. Each boosted model calculates the confidence values 
for each class as described above and a simple average of these values is cal- 
culated. The class with the largest confidence value is selected. Stage weights 
are not calculated during the model training process. Third, C5.0 conducts 
two sorts of “futility analysis” during model training. The model will auto- 
matically stop boosting if the model is very effective (i.e., the sum of the 

14.6 C5.0 397 
weights for the misclassified samples is less than 0.10) or if it is highly inef- 
fective (e.g., the average weight of incorrect samples is greater than 50%). 
Also, after half of the requested boosting iterations, each sample is assessed 
to determine if a correct prediction is possible. If it is not, the case is dropped 
from further computations. 
Finally, C5.0 uses a different weighting scheme during model training. 
First, some notation: 
N = training set size 
N_ = nuinber of incorrectly classified samples 
wr = case weight for sample at the kth boosting iteration 
S, = sum of weights for correctly classified samples 
S_ = sum of weights for incorrectly classified samples 
The algorithm begins by determining the midpoint between the sum of the 
weights for misclassified samples and half of the overall sum of the weights 
, AL fot 1 midpoint = 3 ia Ae S1) = 5 = q+ = foie 
From this, the correctly classified samples are adjusted with the equation 
S4 — midpoint 
on Wi US ses 
and the misclassified samples are updated using 
midpoint 
Oe = Wye N_ 
This updating scheme gives a large positive jump in the weights when a 
sample is incorrectly predicted. When a sample is correctly predicted, the 
multiplicative nature of the equation makes the weights drop more slowly 
and with a decreasing rate as the sample continues to be correctly predicted. 
Figure 14.12 shows an example of the change in weights for a single sample 
over several boosting iterations. 
Quinlan (1996a) describes several experiments with boosting and bagging 
tree-based models including several where boosting C4.5 resulted in a less 
effective model. 
Other Aspects of the Model 
C5.0 measures predictor importance by determining the percentage of 
training set samples that fall into all the terminal nodes after the split. For 

398 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Correctly Classified @ Incorrectly Classified © 
Sample Weight 
Boosting Iteration 
Fig. 14.12: An example of the sample weighting scheme using C5.0 when 
boosting 
example, the predictor in the first split automatically has an importance mea- 
surement of 100% since all samples are affected by this split. Other predictors 
may be used frequently in splits, but if the terminal nodes cover only a hand- 
ful of training set samples, the importance scores may be close to zero. The 
same strategy is applied to rule-based models and boosted versions of the 
model. 
C5.0 also has an option to winnow or remove predictors: an initial algo- 
rithm uncovers which predictors have a relationship with the outcome, and 
the final model is created from only the important predictors. To do this, the 
training set is randomly split in half and a tree is created for the purpose of 
evaluating the utility of the predictors (call this the “winnowing tree”). Two 
procedures characterize the importance of each predictor to the model: 
|. Predictors are considered unimportant if they are not in any split in the 
winnowing tree. 
2. The half of the training set samples not included to create the winnowing 
tree are used to estimate the error rate of the tree. The error rate is also 
estimated without each predictor and compared to the error rate when all 
the predictors are used. If the error rate improves without the predictor, 
it is deemed to be irrelevant and is provisionally removed. 
Once the tentative list of non-informative predictors is established, C5.0 recre- 
ates the tree. If the error rate has become worse, the winnowing process is 
disabled and no predictors are excluded. 

14.6 C5.0 3) 
After the important predictors are established (if any), the conventional 
C5.0 training process is used with the full training set but with only the 
predictors that survived the winnowing procedure. 
For example, C5.0 split the grant data into roughly equal parts, built a tree 
on one-half of the data, and used the second half to estimate the error rate to 
be about 14.6%. When the predictor related to the number of student chief 
investigators was excluded, the error rate decreased slightly to 14.2%. Given 
this, the number of student chief investigators was excluded from further 
consideration. Conversely, when the contract value band was excluded, the 
error rate rose to 24.8%. This predictor was retained for subsequent C5.0 
models. 
Grant Data 
For the grant data, several variations of the C5.0 model were evaluated: 
Single tree- and rule-based models 
Tree and rules with boosting (up to 100 iterations) 
All predictors and the winnowed set 
The two previously described approaches for handling categorical predic- 
tors 
For the last set of model conditions, there was very little difference in the 
models. Figure 14.13 shows the ROC curves for the two methods of encoding 
the categorical predictors. The curves are almost identical. 
The top panel of Fig. 14.13 shows the tuning profile for the C5.0 models 
with grouped categories. There was a slight decrease in performance when 
the winnowing algorithm was applied, although this is likely to be within the 
experimental noise of the data. Boosting clearly had a positive effect for these 
models and there is marginal improvement after about 50 iterations. Although 
single rules did worse than single trees, boosting showed the largest impact 
on the rule-based models, which ended up having superior performance. ‘The 
optimal area under the ROC curve for this model was 0.942, the best seen 
among the models. 
What predictors were used in the model? First, it may be helpful to know 
how often each predictor was used in a rule across all iterations of boosting. 
The vast majority of the predictors were used rarely; 99% of the predictors 
were used in less than 0.71% of the rules. The ten most frequent predictors 
were: contract value band (9.2%), the number of unsuccessful grants by chief 
investigators (8.3%), the number of successful grants by chief investigators 
(7.1%), numeric day of the year (6.3%), category code (6%), Month (3.5 %), 
day of the week (3.1%), sponsor code (2.8%), the number of external chief 
investigators (1.1%), and the number of C journal papers by chief investiga- 
tors (0.9%). As previously described, the predictors can be ranked by their 

400 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
importance values, as measured by the aggregate percentage of samples cov- 
ered by the predictor. With boosting, this metric is less informative since 
the predictor in the first split is calculated to have 100% importance. In this 
model, where a significant number of boosting iterations were used, 40 pre- 
dictors had importance values of 100%. This model only used 357 predictors 
(24%). 
14.7 Comparing Two Encodings of Categorical 
Predictors 
All of the models fit in this chapter used two methods for encoding cate- 
gorical predictors. Figure 14.14 shows the results of the holdout set for each 
model and approach. In general, large differences in the area under the ROC 
curve were not seen between the two encodings. J48 saw a loss in sensitiv- 
ity with separate binary dummy variables, while stochastic gradient boosting 
and PART have losses in specificity when using grouped variables. In some 
cases, the encodings did have an effect on the complexity of the model. For 
the boosted trees, the choice of encodings resulted in very different tuning 
profiles, as demonstrated in Figs. 14.10 and 14.11. It is difficult to extrapolate 
these findings to other models and other data sets, and, for this reason, it 
may be worthwhile to try both encodings during the model training phase. 
14.8 Computing 
This section uses functions from the following packages: C50, caret, gbm, ipred, 
partykit, pROC, randomForest, and RWeka. This section also uses the same R 
objects created in Sect. 12.7 that contain the Grant Applications data (such 
as the data frame training). 
In addition to the sets of dummy variables described in Sect. 12.7, sev- 
eral of the categorical predictors are encoded as R factors: SponsorCode, 
ContractValueBand, CategoryCode, and Weekday. When fitting models with inde- 
pendent categories for these predictors, the character vector fullSet is used. 
When treating the categorical predictors as a cohesive set, an alternate list of 
predictors is contained in the vector factorPredictors, which contains the fac- 
tor versions of the relevant data. Additionally, the character string factorForm 
is an R formula created using all the predictors.contained in factorPredictors 
(and is quite long). 
A good deal of the syntax shown in this section is similar to other comput- 
ing sections, eSpecially the previous one related to regression trees. The focus 
here will be on the nuances of individual model functions and interpreting 
their output. Some code is shown to recreate the analyses in this chapter. 

14.8 Computing A401 
Model Type 
tree x ——— 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
o oO IS 
ROC AUC (2008 Hold—Out Data) ° fee) (os) 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
# Boosting Iterations 
Sensitivity 
—e— Grouped Categories 
° | —|— Independent Categories 
cS) 
I | I I I 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 14.13: Top: The parameter tuning profile for the C5.0 model using 
grouped categories. Bottom: The ROC curves for the boosted C5.0 models. 
The grouped and independent categories versions of the model are almost 
identical, with an area under the ROC curve of 0.942 

402 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Grouped oO Independent x 
‘ 
0.80 0.85 0.90 0.95 
[Sensitivity 
CART 
J48 
PART 
Bagged Tree 
Random Forest 
Boosted Tree 
C5.0 
0.80 0.85 0.90 0.95 0.80 0.85 0.90 0.95 
Fig. 14.14: The effect of different methods of representing categorical predic- 
tors in tree- and rule-based models. “Grouped” indicates that the categories 
for a predictor were treated as a cohesive set, while “independent” indicates 
that the categories were converted to independent dummy variables prior to 
modeling 
A comprehensive program for the models shown is contained in the Chapter 
directory of the AppliedPredictiveModeling package. 
Classification Trees 
There are a number of R packages to build single classification trees. The 
primary package is rpart. As discussed in regression, the function takes only 
the formula method for specifying the exact form of the model. 
There are a large number of predictors for the grant data, and, as previ- 
ously mentioned, an R formula was created programmatically to model the 
classes for grouped categories. The following syntax fits a CART model to 
these predictors with our data splitting strategy: 
> library (rpart) . 
> cartModel <- rpart(factorForm, data = training[pre2008,]) 
This automatically grows and prunes the tree using the internal cross- 
validation procedure. One important argument for classification is parms. 
Here, several alterations to the model training process can be declared, such 
as the prior probabilities of the outcome and the type of splitting (either 

14.8 Computing 403 
the Gini coefficient or the information statistic). These values should be in a 
list.° See ?rpart for the details. Also, the control argument can customize the 
fitting procedure in terms of the numerical methods (such as the tree depth). 
The model output is somewhat different than in regression trees. To show 
this we generate a smaller model with two predictors: 
> rpart(Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data = training[pre2008,]) 
n= 6633 
node), split, n, loss, yval, (yprob) 
* denotes terminal node 
1) root 6633 3200 unsuccessful (0.49 0.51) 
2) Weekday=Sun 223 0 successful (1.00 0.00) * 
3) Weekday=Fri,Mon,Sat,Thurs,Tues,Wed 6410 3000 unsuccessful (0.47 0.53) 
6) Weekday=Mon,Thurs,Tues 2342 1000 successful (0.57 0.43) * 
7) Weekday=Fri,Sat,Wed 4068 1700 unsuccessful (0.41 0.59) * 
The output shows the split variable/value, along with how many samples 
were partitioned into the branch (223 for the second node in the output 
above). The majority class is also printed (successful for node 2) and the 
predicted class probabilities for samples that terminate in this node. 
Prediction syntax is nearly the same as other models in R. The predict 
function, by default, produces probabilities for each class. Using 
predict(object, type = "class") generates a factor vector of the winning 
class. 
The R implementation of C4.5 is in the RWeka package in a function called 
J48. The function also takes a model formula: 
> library (RWeka) 
> J48(Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data = training[pre2008, ]) 
J48 pruned tree 
Weekday = Fri: unsuccessful (1422.0/542.0) 
Weekday = Mon: successful (1089.0/455.0) 
Weekday = Sat 
| NumCI <= 1: unsuccessful (1037.0/395.0) 
| NumCI > 1 
| | NumCI <= 3: unsuccessful (378.0/185.0) 
| | NumCI > 3: successful (61.0/26.0) 
Weekday = Sun: successful (223.0) 
Weekday = Thurs 
| NumCI <= 0: unsuccessful (47.0/21.0) 
| NumCI > 0: successful (520.0/220.0) 
Weekday = Tues 
| NumCI <= 2 
| | NumCI <= 0: unsuccessful (45.0/21.0) 
| | NumCI > 0: successful (585.0/251.0) 
6 An example of this type of argument is shown in Sect. 16.9 where rpart is fit using 
with differential costs for different types of errors. 

404 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
| NumCI > 2: unsuccessful (56.0/22.0) 
Weekday = Wed: unsuccessful (1170.0/521.0) 
Number of Leaves : 12 
Size of the tree : 18 
Recall that this implementation of C4.5 does not attempt to group the 
categories prior to pruning. The prediction function automatically pro- 
duces the winning classes and the class probabilities can be obtained from 
predict(object, type = "prob"). 
When visualizing CART or J48 trees, the plot function from the partykit 
package can create detailed displays. The objects must be converted to the 
appropriate class with as.party, followed by the plot function. 
A single C5.0 tree can be created from the C50 package: 
> library (C50) 
> C5tree <- C5.0(Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data = training[pre2008, ]) 
> C5tree 
Call: 
C5.0.formula(formula = Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data 
= training[pre2008, ]) 
Classification Tree 
Number of samples: 6633 
Number of predictors: 2 
Tree size: 2 
Non-standard options: attempt to group attributes 
> summary (C5tree) 
Call: 
C5.0.formula(formula = Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data 
= training[pre2008, ]) 
C5.0 [Release 2.07 GPL Edition] Thw Deer Woe rSoatawoone 
Class specified by attribute ~outcome' 
Read 6633 cases (3 attributes) from undefined.data 
Decision tree: 
Weekday in Tues,Mon,Thurs,Sun: successful (2565/1010) 
Weekday in Fri,Wed,Sat: unsuccessful (4068/1678) 
Evaluation on training data (6633 cases): 
Decision Tree 

14.8 Computing 405 
Size Errors 
2 2688(40.5%) << 
(a) (b) <-classified as 
1555 1678 (a): class successful 
1010 2390 (b): class unsuccessful 
Attribute usage: 
100.00% Weekday 
Time: 0-0 sees 
Note that, unlike J48, this function is able to split the weekday values from 
groups of values. The control function for this model (C5.0Control) turns this 
feature off (subset = FALSE). Other options are available here, such as win- 
nowing and the confidence factor for splitting. Like J48, the default prediction 
function produces classes and type = "prob" produces the probabilities. 
There are wrappers for these models using the caret function train. For 
example, to fit the grouped category model for CART, we used: 
> set.seed (476) 
> rpartGrouped <- train(x = training[,factorPredictors], 
45 y = training$Class, 
1 method = “rpart", 
tt tuneLength = 30, 
+ metric = "ROC", 
ot trControl = ctrl) 
Recall that the ctrl object specifies which data are in the holdout set and 
what performance measures should be calculated (e.g., sensitivity, specificity, 
and the area under the ROC curve). The model codes for J48 and C5.0 trees 
are J48 and C5.0Tree, respectively. The main differences here between train 
and the original model function are a unified interface to the models and the 
ability to tune the models with alternative metrics, such as the area under 
the ROC curve. 
Note that rpart, C5.0, and J48 use the formula method differently than 
most other functions. Usually, the formula method automatically decomposes 
any categorical predictors to a set of binary dummy variables. These func- 
tions respect the categorical nature of the data and treat these predictors as 
grouped sets of categories (unless the data are already converted to dummy 
variables). The train function follows the more common convention in R, 
which is to create dummy variables prior to modeling. This is the main rea- 
son the code snippet above is written with the non-formula method when 
invoking train. 

406 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Rules 
There are several rule-based models in the RWeka package. The PART function 
creates models based on Frank and Witten (1998). Its syntax is similar to 
J48: 
> PART(Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data = training[pre2008, ]) 
PART decision list 
i] Weekday = Fri: unsuccessful (1422.0/542.0) 
Weekday = Sat AND 
NumCI <= 1: unsuccessful (1037.0/395.0) 
Weekday = Mon: successful (1089.0/455.0) 
Weekday = Thurs AND 
NumCI > 0: successful (520.0/220.0) 
Weekday = Wed: unsuccessful (1170.0/521.0) 
Weekday = Tues AND 
NumCI <= 2 AND 
NumCI > 0: successful (585.0/251.0) 
Weekday = Sat AND 
NumCI <= 3: unsuccessful (378.0/185.0) 
Weekday = Sun: successful (223.0) 
Weekday = Tues: unsuccessful (101.0/43.0) 
Weekday = Sat: successful (61.0/26.0) 
: unsuccessful (47.0/21.0) 
Number of Rules : 11 
Other RWeka functions for rules can be found on the help page ?Weka_ 
classifier_rules. 
C5.0 rules are created using the c5.0 function in the same manner as trees, 
but with the rules = TRUE option: 
> C5rules <- C5.0(Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data = training[pre2008,], 
+ rules = TRUE) 
> Cdrules 
Call: 
C5.0.formula(formula = Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data 
= training[pre2008, ], rules = TRUE) 
Rule-Based Model 
Number of samples: 6633 

14.8 Computing A407 
Number of predictors: 2 
Number of Rules: 2 ¥ 
Non-standard options: attempt to group attributes 
> summary (C5rules) 
Caius 
C5.0.formula(formula = Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data 
= training[pre2008, ], rules = TRUE) 
C5.0 [Release 2.07 GPL Edition] Thu Dec 6 13:53:14 2012 
Class specified by attribute “outcome' 
Read 6633 cases (3 attributes) from undefined.data 
Rules: 
Ruled ((2565/10105) dette?) 
Weekday in Tues, Mon, Thurs, Sun 
-> class successful [0.606] 
Rule 2: (4068/1678, lift 1.1) 
Weekday in Fri, Wed, Sat 
-> class unsuccessful [0.587] 
Default class: unsuccessful 
Evaluation on training data (6633 cases): 
No Errors 
2 2688(40.5%) << 
(a) (b) <-classified as 
1555 1678 (a): class successful 
1010 2390 (b): class unsuccessful 
Attribute usage: 
100.00% Weekday 
Time: 0.0 secs 

408 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Prediction follows the same syntax as above. The variable importance scores 
for C5.0 trees and rules is calculated using the C5imp function or the varImp 
function in the caret package. 
When working with the train function, model codes C5.0Rules and PART 
are available. 
Other packages for single trees include party (conditional inference trees), 
tree (CART trees), oblique.tree (oblique trees), partDSA (for the model of 
Molinaro et al. (2010)), and evtree (trees developed using genetic algorithms). 
Another class of partitioning methods not discussed here called Logic Regression 
(Ruczinski et al. 2003) are implemented in several packages, including Logi- 
cReg. 
Bagged Trees 
The primary tree bagging package is ipred. The bagging function creates 
bagged versions of rpart trees using the formula method (another function, 
ipredbagg, uses the non-formula method). The syntax is familiar: 
> bagging(Class ~ Weekday + NumCI, data = training[pre2008, ]) 
The argument nbagg controls how many trees are in the ensemble (25 by 
default). The default for the standard predict method is to determine the 
winning class and type = "prob" will produce the probabilities. 
Another function in the caret package, called bag, creates bag models more 
generally (i.e., models other than trees). 
Random Forest 
The R port of the original random forest program is contained in the ran- 
domForest package and its basic syntax is identical to the regression tree 
code shown on p. 215. The default value of mtpy & \/p is different than in 
regression. One option, cutoff, is specific to classification and controls the 
voting cutoff(s) for determining the winning class from the ensemble of trees. 
This particular option is also available when using random forest’s predict 
function. 
The model takes the formula and non-formula syntax. In either case, any 
categorical predictors encoded as R factor variables are treated as a group. 
The predict syntax defaults to generating the winning class, but the type 
argument allows for predicting other quantities such as the class probabilities 
(type = "prob") or the actual vote counts type = "votes", 
A basic example for the grant data, with output, is: 

14.8 Computing 409 
> library (randomForest) 
> randomForest (Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data = training[pre2008, ]) 
Call: 
randomForest (formula = Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data = training[pre2008, ]) 
Type of random forest: classification 
Number of trees: 500 
No. of variables tried at each split: 1 
OOB estimate of error rate: 40.06% 
Confusion matrix: 
successful unsuccessful class.error 
successful 1455 1778 0.5499536 
unsuccessful 879 2521 0.2585294 
Since only two predictors are included, only a single predictor is randomly 
selected at each split. 
The function prints the out-of-bag error estimate, as well as the analogous 
confusion matrix. Out-of-bag estimates of the sensitivity and the false positive 
rate (i.e., 1—specificity) are shown under the column class.error. 
The model code for tuning a random forest model with train is "rf". 
Other random forests functions are cforest (in the party package), obliqueRF 
(forests from oblique trees in the obliqueRF package), rFerns (for the random 
fern model of Ozuysal et al. (2010) in the rFerns package), and RRF (regularized 
random forest models in the RRF package). 
Boosted Trees 
The primary boosted tree package in R is gbm, which implements stochas- 
tic gradient boosting. The primary difference between boosting regression 
and classification trees is the choice of the distribution of the data. The gbm 
function can only accommodate two class problems and using distribution 
"bernoulli" is an appropriate choice here. Another option is distribution 
"adaboost" to replicate the loss function used by that methodology. 
One complication when using gbm for classification is that it expects that 
the outcome is coded as 0/1. An example of a simple model for the grant 
data would be 
> library (gbm) 
> forGBM <- training 
> forGBM$Class <- ifelse(forGBM$Class == "successful", 1, 0) 
> gbmModel <- gbm(Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, 
+ data = forGBM[pre2008,], 
+ distribution = "bernoulli", 
+ interaction.depth = 9, 
we n.trees = 1400, 
ig shrinkage = 0.01, 
+ ## The function produces copious amounts 

410 14 Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
+ ## of output hy default. 
+ verbose = FALSE) 
The prediction function for this model does not predict the winning class. Us- 
ing predict (gbmModel, type = "response") will calculate the class probability 
for the class encoded as a 1 (in our example, a successful grant was encoded 
as a 1). This can be converted to a factor variable with the winning class: 
> gbmPred <- predict (gbmModel, 
+ newdata = head(training[-pre2008,]), 
+ type = "response", 
sf ## The number of trees must be 
+ ## explicitly set 
+ n.trees = 1400) 
> gbmPred 
[1] 0.5697346 0.5688882 0.5688882 0.5688882 0.5697346 0.5688882 
> gbmClass <- ifelse(gbmPred > .5, "successful", "unsuccessful") 
> gbmClass <- factor(gbmClass, levels = levels(training$Class) ) 
> gbmClass 
{1] successful successful successful successful successful successful 
Levels: successful unsuccessful 
Fitting this model with train simplifies the process considerably. For exam- 
ple, a factor variable can be used as the outcome format (train automatically 
does the conversion). When predicting the winning class, a factor is produced. 
If the class probabilities are required, then specify predict(object, type = 
"prob") (train’s prediction function automatically uses the number of trees 
that were found to be optimal during model tuning). 
The original AdaBoost algorithm is available in the ada package. Another 
function for boosting trees is blackboost in the mboost package. This package 
also contains functions for boosting other types of models (such as logistic 
regression) as does the bst package. 
To train boosted versions of C5.0, the trials argument is used (with values 
between 1 and 100). 
> library (C50) 
> C5Boost <- C5.0(Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data = training[pre2008,], 
a7 trials = 10) 
> C5Boost 
Call: 
C5.0.formula(formula = Class ~ NumCI + Weekday, data 
= training[pre2008, ], trials = 10) 
Classification Tree 
Number of samples: 6633 
Number of predictors: 2 
Number of boosting iterations: 10 requested; 6 used due to early stopping 
Average tree size: 2.5 
Non-standard options: attempt to group attributes 

14.8 Computing All 
By default, the algorithm has internal tests that assess whether the boost- 
ing is effective and will halt the model training when it diagnoses that it is 
no longer effective (note the méssage that ten iterations were requested but 
only six were used due to early stopping). This feature can be negated using 
C5.0Control(earlyStopping = FALSE). 
These models can be tuned by train using method values of gbm, ada, or 
C5.0. 
Exercises 
14.1. Variable importance for the bagging, random forests, and boosting has 
been computed for both the independent categories and the factor model 
predictors. The top 16 important predictors for each method and predictor 
set are presented in Fig. 14.15. 
(a) Within each modeling technique, which factors are in common between 
the independent category and factor models? 
(b) How do these results compare with the most prolific predictors found in 
the PART model results discussed in Sect. 14.2? 
14.2. For the churn data described in Exercise 12.3: 
(a) Fit a few basic trees to the training set. Should the area code be encoded 
as independent dummy variables or as a grouped set of values? 
(b) Does bagging improve the performance of the trees? What about boost- 
ing? 
(c) Apply rule-based models to the data.-How is the performance? Do the 
rules make any sense? 
(d) Use lift charts to compare tree or rule models to the best techniques from 
previous chapters. 
14.3. Exercise 12.1 gives a detailed description of the hepatic injury data 
set, where the primary scientific objective for these data is to construct a 
model to predict hepatic injury status. Recall that random forests can be 
performed with CART trees or conditional inference trees. Start R and use 
these commands to load the data: 
> library (caret) 
> data(hepatic) 
(a) Fit a random forest model using both CART trees and conditional infer- 
ence trees to the chemistry predictors, using the Kappa statistic as the 
metric as follows: 

412 14 
Bagging (Independent Categories) 
1 1 1 
Sun 
A.Cl 
Success.PS 
ContractValueBandG 
allPub 
Unsuccess.HV 
Unsuccess.PS 
DR.1960 
DR.PhD 
Unsuccess.Cl 
DR.Dept3123 
DurationGT15 
PS.SouthAfrica 
ECI.Australia 
DR.Faculty19 
DR.English 
60 70 80 90 100 
Importance 
Random Forests (Independent Categories) 
Unsuccess.Cl 
ContractValueBandUnk 
Success.Cl 
SponsorUnk 
Day 
GrantCat30B 
ContractValueBandA 
GrantCat10A 
Jan 
Sat 
Sponsor21A 
allPub 
Sponsor4D 
Nov 
Aug 
Sponsor24D 
40 60 80 100 
Importance 
GBM (Independent Categories) 
| L =e 
ContractValueBandUnk —. 
Unsuccess.Cl 
Success.Cl 
SponsorUnk 
Day 
NumCl 
GrantCat30B 
Sat 
Sponsor21A 
ContractValueBandA 
allPub 
NumSCl 
Sponsor2B 
Sponsor6B 
Sponsor24D 
GrantCat10A i 
T | ea et eal | T 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
Importance Classification Trees and Rule-Based Models 
Bagging (Grouped Categories) 
ContractValueBand 
CategoryCode 
DR.1940 8 
Cl.1930 ———_—_— 
DR.1945 
Cl.1925 
ECI.1945 
DR,.1955 
DR.1960 
HV.1950 
DR.1965 
ECI.1965 
NumEA 
DR.1970 
numPeople 
A.Cl 
Importance 
Random Forests (Grouped Categories) 
1 i 1 1 
ContractValueBand 
Unsuccess.Cl 
Success.Cl 
CategoryCode 
Month 
Day 
Weekday 
SponsorUnk 
Sponsor4D 
Sponsor2B 
allPub 
NumECl 
Sponsor24D 
NumSCl 
Sponsor21A 
numPeople 
Importance 
GBM (Grouped Categories) 
=e. 1 fi 
=] SponsorCode 
ContractValueBand 
Unsuccess.Cl 
Success.Cl 
NumCl 
Month 
Weekday 
Day 
SEO750604 
RFCD260109 
RFCD249999 
RFCD300102 
RFCD270601 
RFCD291104 
Cl.Dept2893 
Cl.Dept248 
ire T 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
Importance 
Fig. 14.15: A comparison of variable importance for the ensemble methods of 
bagging, random forests, and boosting for both the independent categories 
and grouped categories predictors 

14.8 Computing 413 
library (caret) 
set.seed(714) 
indx <- createFolds(injury, returnTrain = TRUE) 
ctrl <- trainControl(method = "cv", index = indx) 
monyValues <— eb, WOl 25, 50. (75, 100) 
rfCART <- train(chem, injury, 
method = "rf", 
metric = "Kappa", 
ntree = 1000, 
tuneGrid = data.frame(.mtry = mtryValues) ) 
rfcForest <- train(chem, injury, 
method = "cforest", 
MebiniGs——" Kappan, 
tuneGrid = data.frame(.mtry = mtryValues)) ee I sh ae Se a A NONI Ns VSO: 
Which model has better performance, and what are the corresponding 
tuning parameters? 
(b) Use the following syntax to a the computation time for each model: 
> rfCART$times$everything 
> rfcForest$times$everything 
Which model takes less computation time? Given the trade-off between 
performance and computation time, which model do you prefer? 
(c) Use the following syntax to obtain the variable importance for the top 
ten predictors for each model: 
> varImp (rfCART) 
> varImp(rfcForest) 
Are there noticeable differences in variable importance between the top 
ten predictors for each model? Explain possible reasons for the differences. 


Chapter 15 
A Summary of Grant Application Models 
The previous three chapters used a variety of different philosophies and 
techniques to predict grant-funding success. In general, we believe that it is 
prudent to evaluate a number of different models for each data set since it 
is difficult to know which will do well a priori with any degree of certainty. 
Before comparing models, recall that the data splitting process used the 
pre-2008 grants to tune the model, and, once final parameters were deter- 
mined, the entire training set (which consisted of a fraction of the 2008 grants) 
was used to fit the model. The test set of 518, not yet used in our analyses, 
consisted completely of year 2008 grants. As discussed in Sect. 12.1, the per- 
formance on the test set is likely to be better than the results generated in 
the tuning process since the final model parameters were based on some 2008 
information. 
Figure 15.1 shows a visualization of the area under the ROC curve for the 
final models with the two data sets. Each point in the plot is for a particular 
model from the last three chapters. The correlation between the two estimates 
is high (0.96), although the tuning holdout set was more pessimistic than 
the test set. On average, the test set was 0.029 units larger. Again, this 
small but reproducible difference is likely due to the fact that the test set 
predictions were produced from a model built with some 2008 information, 
and these estimates are probably more relevant to predicting more recent 
grants. An important point is that, despite differences between the holdout 
and test set performance, model performance rankings are nearly the same 
regardless of the data splitting process (see ‘Table 15.1). 
Figure 15.2 shows the area under the ROC curves for each model, estimated 
using the test set grants. The bars represent 95% confidence intervals that 
were derived using the bootstrap (Robin et al. 2011). These estimates of 
uncertainty help in two ways. First, the intervals give the consumers of 
the model an understanding about how good or bad the model may be. 
The interval quantifies the variation in the model but is also reflective of 
the data. For example, smaller test sets or noise (or mislabeling) in the re- 
sponse (see Sect. 20.2) can lead to wider intervals. In this way, the confidence 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 415 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_15, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

416 15 A Summary of Grant Application Models 
0.95 
0.90 
2008 Hold—Out (Training Set) 
0.85 0.90 0.95 
2008 Test Set 
Fig. 15.1: A comparison of the year 2008 holdout areas under the ROC curve 
and the AUC values that result from evaluating the test set. Each point 
represents a model estimated in the last three chapters 
interval helps gauge the weight of evidence available when comparing models. 
The second benefit of the confidence intervals is to facilitate trade-offs 
between models. If the confidence intervals for two models significantly over- 
lap, this is an indication of (statistical) equivalence between the two and 
might provide a reason to favor the less complex or more interpretable model. 
Finally, before comparing models, we echo the comment made in Sect. 14.7: 
the relative effectiveness of the models for these data cannot be used to 
extrapolate to other situations. A low-ranking model for these data may beat 
out others on a different data set. Any conclusions derived from these analyses 
should be considered “forward-looking statements” and should be taken with 
a grain of salt. 
Across the models, which predictors had the largest effects?! In many of 
the models, the historical success and failure rates for the chief investiga- 
tor played a large role in predicting grant outcomes (“nothing succeeds like 
' As previously noted, more formal statistical methods are much better at making 
inferential statements on the importance of the predictors than variable importance 
measures. 

15 A Summary of Grant Application Models A417 
Table 15.1: Ranked model performance across the 2008 holdout (training set) 
and the 2008 test set 
Model Holdout set Test set 
C50 1 i 
Boosted tree 2 4 
Bagged tree 4 3 
Random forest 5 X 
FDA 3 6 
Neural networks 6 5 
Sparse LDA 8 ie 
glmnet (i 9 
SVM (polynomial) 9 8 
CART 12 10 
LDA 10 12 
MDA 11 11 
Logistic regression 14 14 
Nearest shrunken centroids Ls} 15 
PLS 15 13 
J48 16 16 
PART L7 17 
Naive Bayes 18 18 
KNN 19 19 
The methods have similar ROC curve rankings between the two sets (rank 
correlation of the area under the curve: 0.96) 
success”). Informative missingness seemed to occur in these data; unknown 
values of the contract value band and sponsor code were heavily used in 
many models. This itself is a likely surrogate or signal for some other piece 
of information. Similarly, why was there a strong seasonal effect such that 
grants in late December and early January (see Table 12.1 and Figs. 12.3 
and 13.8) were likely to be more successful? In this case, it may be difficult 
to tell if increased success was due to the investigators that submit grants 
during this time or if the improvement was due to the grant reviewers. Finally, 
grants with category code 30B were associated with decreased success rates. 
Understanding this trend would help add another piece to the puzzle for those 
interested in improving success rates. 

418 15 A Summary of Grant Application Models 
C5.0 
Random Forest 
Bagged Tree 
Boosted Tree 
Neural Networks 
FDA 
Sparse LDA 
SVM (Polynomial) 
glmnet 
CART 
MDA 
LDA 
PLS 
Logistic Regression 
Nearest Shrunken Centroids 
J48 
PART 
Naive Bayes 
KNN 
T 
0.80 0.85 0.90 0.95 
Test Set ROC Curve AUC 
Fig. 15.2: A plot of the test set ROC curve AUCs and their associated 95% 
confidence intervals 

Chapter 16 
Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
When modeling discrete classes, the relative frequencies of the classes can 
have a significant impact on the effectiveness of the model. An imbalance 
occurs when one or more classes have very low proportions in the training data 
as compared to the other classes. Imbalance can be present in any data set or 
application, and hence, the practitioner should be aware of the implications 
of modeling this type of data. 
Here are a few practical settings where class imbalance often occurs: 
e Online advertising: An advertisement is presented to a viewer which creates 
an impression. The click through rate is the number of times an ad was 
clicked on divided by the total number of impressions and tends to be very 
low (Richardson et al. 2007 cite a rate less than 2.4%). 
e Pharmaceutical research: High-throughput screening is an experimental 
technique where large numbers of molecules (10000s) are rapidly evaluated 
for biological activity. Usually only a few molecules show high activity; 
therefore, the frequency of interesting compounds is low. 
e Insurance claims: Artis et al. (2002) investigated auto insurance damage 
claims in Spain between the years of 1993 and 1996. Of claims undergoing 
auditing, the rate of fraud was estimated to be approximately 22%. 
This chapter discusses the impact of class imbalance on performances 
measures, methodologies for post-processing model predictions, and predic- 
tive models that can mitigate the issue during training. However, before 
proceeding, we will describe another case study which we will use to illustrate 
the various approaches to addressing class imbalance. 
16.1 Case Study: Predicting Caravan Policy Ownership 
A data set generated by the computational intelligence and learning (CoIL) 
research network is used to illustrate methods for combatting class imbalances. 
The 2000 CoIL Challenge was to predict whether customers would purchase 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 419 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_16, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

420 ' 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
caravan insurance!; Van Der Putten and Van Someren (2004) discuss these 
data, the challenge, and some of the solutions to the problem. Our discussion 
of these data is limited to illustrating the effect of class imbalances. 
The outcome, whether the costumer purchased caravan insurance, is 
highly unbalanced with only 6% of customers having purchased policies. 
The predictors in the data set consisted of: 
e Customer subtype designation, such as “Traditional Families” or “Afflu- 
ent Young Families.” There were 39 unique values, although many of the 
subtypes comprise less than 5% of the customers. 
e Demographic factors, such as religion, education level, social class, income, 
and 38 others. The values of the predictors were derived from data at the 
zip code level, so customers residing in the same zip code will have the same 
values for these attributes.” 
e Product ownership information, such as the number of (or the contribution 
to) policies of various types. 
In all there were 85 predictors. Many of the categorical predictors had 10 or 
more levels and the count-based predictors tended to be fairly sparse (i.e., few 
nonzero values). 
To demonstrate different methodologies with these data, stratified random 
sampling (where the strata was the response variable) was used to create three 
different data sets: 
e A training set of customers (n = 6877) that will be used to estimate model 
parameters, tuning models, etc. 
e A small evaluation set of customers (n = 983) that will be used for 
developing post-processing techniques, such as alternative probability 
cutoffs 
e A customer test set (n = 1962) that is solely used for final evaluations of 
the models 
The rate of customers with caravan policies in each of these data sets was 
roughly the same across all three data sets (6%, 5.9%, and 6 %, respectively). 
16.2 The Effect of Class Imbalance 
To begin, three predictive models were used to model the data: random forest, 
a flexible discriminant analysis model (with MARS hinge functions), and 
logistic regression. To tune the models, 10-fold cross-validation was used: 
each holdout sample contained roughly 687 customers, which should provide 
' We would like-to thank Peter van der Putten for permission to use these data. 
“ Giving all customers within the same zip code the same values for the predictors 
implies that there is unseen noise within the predictors. The implications of predictor 
set noise are discussed in Sect. 20.3. 

16.2 The Effect of Class Imbalance 421 
Table 16.1: Results for three predictive models using the evaluation set 
Model Accuracy Kappa Sensitivity Specificity ROC AUC 
Random forest 93.5 0.091 6.78 99.0 Overs 
FDA (MARS) 93.8 0.024 1.69 99.7 0.754 
Logistic regression 93:9 0.027 1.69 99.8 ene 
reasonable estimates of uncertainty. To choose the optimal model, the area 
under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was optimized.? 
The random forest model used 1500 trees in the forest and was tuned over 
5 values of the m,,, parameter (Sect. 8.5); the final model had an optimal 
Miry value of 126. The FDA model used first-degree features and was tuned 
over 25 values for the number of retained terms. The resampling process de- 
termined that 13 model terms was appropriate. Logistic regression utilized a 
simple additive model (i.e., no interactions or nonlinear terms) with a reduced 
predictor set (many near-zero variance predictors were removed so that the 
model resulted in a stable solution). 
A number of different performance metrics were estimated including: 
overall accuracy, Kappa, area under the ROC curve, sensitivity, and speci- 
ficity (where a purchased policy was defined as the “event” of interest). 
All models predicted the samples in the evaluation data set and yielded very 
similar results, as shown in Table 16.1. In each model, any patterns that were 
useful for predicting the outcome were overwhelmed by the large percentage 
of customers with no caravan insurance. In fact, none of the models predicted 
more than 13 customers on the evaluation set as having insurance, despite 59 
customers with insurance in the evaluation set. The implication of these re- 
sults is that the models achieve good specificity (since almost every customer 
is predicted no insurance) but have poor sensitivity. 
The imbalance also had a severe effect on the predicted class probabilities. 
In the random forest model, for example, 82% of the customers have a pre- 
dicted probability of having insurance of 10% or less. This highly left-skewed 
predicted probability distribution also occurs for the other two models. 
Figure 16.1 shows the lift plots and ROC curves for the evaluation set. 
The lift curves are very similar and can be used to determine how many 
individuals would need to be contacted in order to capture a specific percent 
of those who might purchase the policy. For example, to find about 60% 
of those with policies using the random forest model, around 30% of the 
population would need to be sampled. The ROC curves show considerable 
overlap and does not differentiate the models. 
3 The results of the tuning process are summarized here. The full details of the process 
can be found in the Chapters directory of the AppliedPredictiveModeling package and 
in the Computing section of this chapter. 

422 
%Events Found Sensitivity 0.6 
0.4 
0.2 
0.0 
0.0 
100 
80 
60 
40 
20 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
— Random Forest 
—— Logistic Regression 
—— FDA (MARS) 
] T a 
0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
a aI] i 
T 
40 60 80 100 
%Customers Evaluated 
Fig. 16.1: Top: Evaluation set ROC curves for each of the three baseline 
models. Bottom: The corresponding lift plots 
In this figure, there is a strong similarity between the lift and ROC curves. 
When classes are more balanced, lift plots and ROC curves are not this 
similar; rather, the similarity we see in Fig. 16.1 is due to class imbalance. 
In general, this is not the case but is an artifact of the severe class imbalance. 
When the classes are more balanced, the curves are. unlikely to have similar 

16.4 Alternate Cutofts 423 
patterns. For example, the maximum area on the lift curve is bounded by the 
event rate in the data (as shown with the grey background area in the loft 
plot) while the ROC curve has no such limitation. 
The remaining sections discuss other strategies for overcoming class 
imbalances. The next section discusses how model tuning can be used to in- 
crease the sensitivity of the minority class while Sect. 16.4 demonstrates how 
alternative probability cutoffs can be derived from the data to improve the 
error rate on the minority class. This amounts to post-processing the model 
predictions to redefine the class predictions. Modifications of case weights 
and prior probabilities are also discussed. Another section examines how the 
training data can be altered to mitigate the class imbalance prior to model 
training. The last approach described in Sect. 16.6 demonstrates how, for 
some models, the model training process can be altered to emphasize the ac- 
curacy of the model for the less frequent class(es). In this case, the estimated 
model parameters are being modified instead of post-processing the model 
output. 
16.3 Model Tuning 
The simplest approach to counteracting the negative effects of class imbalance 
is to tune the model to maximize the accuracy of the minority class(es). 
For insurance prediction, tuning the model to maximize the sensitivity may 
help desensitize the training process to the high percentage of data without 
caravan policies in the training set. The random forest model that was tuned 
for these data did not show a meaningful trend in sensitivity across the tuning 
parameter. The FDA model did show a trend; as the number of model terms 
was increased, there was a rise in sensitivity from effectively 0% for very 
simple models to 5.4'% when 16 terms were retained. ‘This minor improvement 
in sensitivity comes at virtually no cost to specificity. Given that the increase 
in sensitivity is not high enough to be considered acceptable, this approach 
to solving the problem is not effective for this particular data set. The use of 
model tuning for this purpose is revisited in Sect. 16.8. 
16.4 Alternate Cutoffs 
When there are two possible outcome categories, another method for increas- 
ing the prediction accuracy of the minority class samples is to determine 
alternative cutoffs for the predicted probabilities which effectively changes 
the definition of a predicted event. The most straightforward approach is to 
use the ROC curve since it calculates the sensitivity and specificity across 
a continuum of cutoffs. Using this curve, an appropriate balance between 
sensitivity and specificity can be determined. 

424 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
© 
co 
o 
> S 0.064 (Spec = 0.76, Sens = 0.64) 
2 @ 
QO + 0.100 (Spec = 0.84, Sens = 0.44) oO 
N (2) 
0.300 (Spec = 0.96, Sens = 0.15) 
= 0.500 (Spec = 0.99, Sens = 0.07) 
o 
al T I ipa ae len 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
Fig. 16.2: The random forest ROC curve for predicting the classes using the 
evaluation set. The number on the left represents the probability cutoff, and 
the numbers in the parentheses are the specificity and sensitivity, respec- 
tively. Several possible probability cutoffs are used, including the threshold 
geometrically closest to the perfect model (0.064) 
Figure 16.2 shows the ROC curve for the random forest model based on 
the evaluation set. Several cutoffs are shown on the curve and it is apparent 
that decreasing the cutoff for the probability of responding increases the sen- 
sitivity (at the expense of the specificity). There may be situations where the 
sensitivity/specificity trade-off can be accomplished without severely com- 
promising the accuracy of the majority class (which, of course, depends on 
the context of the problem). 
Several techniques exist for determining a new cutoff. First, if there is 
a particular target that must be met for the sensitivity or specificity. this 
point can be found on the ROC curve and the corresponding cutoff can be 
determined. Another approach is to find the point on the ROC curve that is 
closest (1.e., the shortest distance) to the perfect model (with 100% sensitivity 
and 100% specificity), which is associated with the upper left corner of the 
plot. In Fig. 16.2, a cutoff value of 0.064 would be the closest to the perfect 
model. Another approach for determining the cutoff uses Youden’s J index 
(see Sect. 11.2), which measures the proportion of correctly predicted samples 
for both the event and nonevent groups. This index can be computed for each 
cutoff that is used to create the ROC curve. The cutoff associated with the 
largest value of the Youden index may also show superior performance relative 

16.4 Alternate Cutoffs 425 
Table 16.2: Confusion matrices for the test set for random forests using the 
default and alternate cutoffs Pr 
0.50 Cutoff 0.064 Cutoff 
Insurance no insurance Insurance no insurance 
Insurance 11 19 fal 441 
Noinsurance 105 1827 45 1,405 
to the default 50% value. For the random forest ROC curve, the cutoff that 
maximizes the Youden index (0.021) is similar to the point closest to the 
optimal model. 
Using the evaluation set, the predicted sensitivity for the new cutoff of 
0.064 is 64.4%, which is a significant improvement over the value generated 
by the default cutoff. The consequence of the new cutoff is that the specificity 
is estimated to drop from 99% to 75.9%. This may or may not be acceptable 
based on the context of how the model will be used. 
In our analysis, the alternate cutoff for the model was not derived from the 
training or test sets. It is important, especially for small samples sizes, to use 
an independent data set to derive the cutoff. If the training set predictions 
are used, there is likely a large optimistic bias in the class probabilities that 
will lead to inaccurate assessments of the sensitivity and specificity. If the test 
set is used, it is no longer an unbiased source to judge model performance. 
For example, Ewald (2006) found via simulation that post hoc derivation of 
cutoffs can exaggerate test set performance. 
Table 16.2 contains confusion matrices derived from the test set for the 
default and alternate cutoffs. Predictions from the 50% cutoff echo the same 
performances values shown by cross-validation (a sensitivity of 9.5% and a 
specificity of 99%). For the new cutoff, the test set sensitivity was found to 
be 61.2% while the specificity was calculated to be 76.1%. This estimated 
difference in sensitivity between the two data sets (64.4% and 61.2%) is 
likely due to the high uncertainty in the metric (which itself is a result of 
the low frequency of events). These two values may be equivalent given the 
experimental noise. To reiterate, this cutoff resulted from being as close as 
possible to the optimal model. This may not be applicable in the context of 
other problems in which case alternative trade-offs can be made. 
It is worth noting that the core of the model has not changed. The same 
model parameters are being used. Changing the cutoff to increase the sen- 
sitivity does not increase the overall predictive effectiveness of the model. 
The main impact that an alternative cutoff has is to make trade-offs between 
particular types of errors. For example, in a confusion matrix, alternate cut- 
offs can only move samples up and down rows of the matrix (as opposed to 

426 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
moving them from the off-diagonals to the diagonals). In other words, using 
an alternative cutoff does not induce further separation between the classes. 
Figure 16.2 and Table 16.2 demonstrate why, for many classification prob- 
lems, comparing models on the basis of the default sensitivity and speci- 
ficity may be misleading. Since a better cutoff may be possible, an analysis 
of the ROC curve can lead to improvements in these metrics. As shown in 
Fig. 16.2, a class imbalance can further exacerbate this issue. Consequently, 
performance metrics that are independent of probability cutoffs (such as the 
area under the ROC curve) are likely to produce more meaningful contrasts 
between models. However, some predictive models only produce discrete class 
predictions. 
16.5 Adjusting Prior Probabilities 
Some models use prior probabilities, such as naive Bayes and discriminant 
analysis classifiers. Unless specified manually, these models typically derive 
the value of the priors from the training data. Weiss and Provost (2001a) 
suggest that priors that reflect the natural class imbalance will materially bias 
predictions to the majority class. Using more balanced priors or a balanced 
training set may help deal with a class imbalance. 
For the insurance data, the priors are 6% and 94% for the insured and 
uninsured, respectively. The predicted probability of having insurance is ex- 
tremely left-skewed for all three models and adjusting the priors can shift the 
probability distribution away from small values. For example, new priors of 
60% for the insured and 40% for the uninsured in the FDA model increase 
the probability of having insurance significantly. With the default cutoff, pre- 
dictions from the new model have a sensitivity of 71.2% and a specificity of 
66.9% on the test set. However, the new class probabilities did not change 
the rankings of the customers in the test set and the model has the same area 
under the ROC curve as the previous FDA model. Like the previous tactics 
for an alternative cutoff, this strategy did not change the model but allows 
for different trade-offs between sensitivity and specificity. 
16.6 Unequal Case Weights 
Many of the predictive models for classification have the ability to use case 
weights where each individual data point can be given more emphasis in the 
model training phase. For example, previously discussed boosting approaches 
to classification and regression trees are able to create a sequence of models, 
each of which apply different case weights at each iteration. 

16.7 Sampling Methods 427 
One approach to rebalancing the training set would be to increase the 
weights for the samples in the minority classes (Ting 2002). For many models, 
this can be interpreted as having identical duplicate data points with the 
exact same predictor values. Logistic regression, for example, can utilize case 
weights in this way. This procedure for dealing with a class imbalance is 
related to the sampling methods discussed in next section. 
16.7 Sampling Methods 
When there is a priori knowledge of a class imbalance, one straightforward 
method to reduce its impact on model training is to select a training set 
sample to have roughly equal event rates during the initial data collection 
(see, e.g., Artis et al. 2002). Basically, instead of having the model deal with 
the imbalance, we can attempt to balance the class frequencies. Taking this 
approach eliminates the fundamental imbalance issue that plagues model 
training. However, if the training set is sampled to be balanced, the test set 
should be sampled to be more consistent with the state of nature and should 
reflect the imbalance so that honest estimates of future performance can be 
computed. 
If an a priori sampling approach is not possible, then there are post hoc 
sampling approaches that can help attenuate the effects of the imbalance dur- 
ing model training. Two general post hoc approaches are down-sampling and 
up-sampling the data. Up-sampling is any technique that simulates or imputes 
additional data points to improve balance across classes, while down-sampling 
refers to any technique that reduces the number of samples to improve the 
balance across classes. 
Ling and Li (1998) provide one approach to up-sampling in which cases 
from the minority classes are sampled with replacement until each class has 
approximately the same number. For the insurance data, the training set 
contained 6466 non-policy and 411 insured customers. If we keep the original 
minority class data, adding 6055 
bring the minority class equal to the majority. In doing this, some minority 
class samples may show up in the training set with a fairly high frequency random samples (with replacement) would 
while each sample in the majority class has a single realization in the data. 
This is very similar to the case weight approach shown in an earlier section, 
with varying weights per case. 
Down-sampling selects data points from the majority class so that the ma- 
jority class is roughly the same size as the minority class(es). There are several 
approaches to down-sampling. First, a basic approach is to randomly sample 
the majority classes so that all classes have approximately the same size. An- 
other approach would be to take a bootstrap sample across all cases such that 
the classes are balanced in the bootstrap set. The advantage of this approach 
is that the bootstrap selection can be run many times so that the estimate 

428 ' 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
Class1 «® Class2 = ‘ 
=2 —-1) 0 ie 
Predictor B 
Predictor A 
Fig. 16.3: From left to right: The original simulated data set and realizations of 
a down-sampled version, an up-sampled version, and sampling using SMOTE 
where the cases are sampled and/or imputed 
of variation can be obtained about the down-sampling. One implementation 
of random forests can inherently down-sample by controlling the bootstrap 
sampling process within a stratification variable. If class is used as the strati- 
fication variable, then bootstrap samples will be created that are roughly the 
same size per class. These internally down-sampled versions of the training 
set are then used to construct trees in the ensemble. 
The synthetic minority over-sampling technique (SMOTE), described by 
Chawla et al. (2002), is a data sampling procedure that uses both up-sampling 
and down-sampling, depending on the class, and has three operational pa- 
rameters: the amount of up-sampling, the amount of down-sampling, and the 
number of neighbors that are used to impute new cases. To up-sample for the 
minority class, SMOTE synthesizes new cases. To do this, a data point is ran- 
domly selected from the minority class and its K-nearest neighbors (ANNs) 
are determined. Chawla et al. (2002) used five neighbors in their analyses, 
but different values can be used depending on the data. The new synthetic 
data point is a random combination of the predictors of the randomly se- 
lected data point and its neighbors. While the SMOTE algorithm adds new 
samples to the minority class via up-sampling, it also can down-sample cases 
from the majority class via random sampling in order to help balance the 
training set. 
Figure 16.3 shows an example of sampling methods using a simulated data 
set. The original data contain 168 samples from the first class and 32 from 
the second (a 5.2:1 ratio). The down-sampled version of the data reduced 
the total sample size to 64 cases evenly split between the classes. The up- 
sampled data have 336 cases, now with 168 events. The SMOTE version of 
the data has a smaller imbalance (with a 1.3:1 ratio) resulting from having 
128 samples from the first class and 96 from the second. For the most part, 

16.8 Cost-Sensitive Training 429 
the new synthetic samples are very similar to other cases in the data set; the 
space encompassing the minority class is being filled in instead of expanding. 
It should be noted that whén using modified versions of the training set, 
resampled estimates of model performance can become biased. For example, 
if the data are up-sampled, resampling procedures are likely to have the same 
sample in the cases that are used to build the model as well as the holdout 
set, leading to optimistic results. Despite this, resampling methods can still 
be effective at tuning the models. 
A substantial amount of research has been conducted on the effective- 
ness of using sampling procedures to combat skewed class distributions, most 
notably Weiss and Provost (2001b), Batista et al. (2004), Van Hulse et al. 
(2007), Burez and Van den Poel (2009), and Jeatrakul et al. (2010). These 
and other publications show that, in many cases, sampling can mitigate the 
issues caused by an imbalance, but there is no clear winner among the var- 
ious approaches. Also, many modeling techniques react differently to sam- 
pling, further complicating the idea of a simple guideline for which procedure 
to use. 
These sampling methods were applied to the random forest models for the 
insurance data using the same tuning process as the original model. The ROC 
and lift curves for the evaluation set for three of the random forest models 
are shown in Fig. 16.4. Numerical summaries of the models are contained in 
Table 16.3. In this table, the area under the ROC curve is calculated for the 
evaluation and test sets. Using the evaluation set, new cutoffs for each model 
were derived by choosing the point on the ROC curve closest to the optimal 
model. The sensitivity and specificity values in this table are the result of 
applying those cutoffs to the test set. 
The results show that the up-sampling procedure had no real improvement 
on the area under the curve. SMOTE showed an improvement in the evalua- 
tion set, but the increase in the area under.the ROC curve was not reproduced 
in the larger test set. Simple down-sampling of the data also had a limited 
effect on model performance. However, down-sampling inside the random 
forest model had robust areas under the ROC curve in both data sets. This 
may be due to using independent realizations of the majority class in each 
tree. In all, the results are mixed. While these improvements are modest, the 
sampling approaches have the benefit of enabling better trade-offs between 
sensitivity and specificity (unlike modifying cutoffs or prior probabilities). 
16.8 Cost-Sensitive Training 
Instead of optimizing the typical performance measure, such as accuracy or 
impurity, some models can alternatively optimize a cost or loss function 
that differentially weights specific types of errors. For example, it may be 

430 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
Sensitivity 
— Normal 
—~ Down-Sampling (Internal) 
—— SMOTE 
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 
1 — Specificity 
%Events Found 
0 20 40 60 80 100 
%Customers Evaluated 
Fig. 16.4: Top: Test set ROC curves for three of the random forest models. 
Bottom: The corresponding lift plots 
appropriate to believe that misclassifying true events (false negatives) is Y 
times as costly as incorrectly predicting nonevents (false positives). Incorpo- 
ration of specific costs during model training may bias the model towards less 

16.8 Cost-Sensitive Training 431 
Table 16.3: A summary of results for random forest models with different 
sampling mechanisms 
Method Evaluation Test, 
ROC ROC Sensitivity Specificity 
Original 0.757 0.738 64.4 75.9 
Down-sampling 0.794 G30 «Sil 70.3 
Down-sampling (Internal) 0.792 0.764 =78.0 68.3 
Up-sampling 0.755 0.739 fale’ 68.1 
SMOTE 0.767 0.747 =6°78.0 Oi 
The test set sensitivity and specificity values were determined using the 
optimal cutoff derived from the evaluation set ROC curve 
frequent classes. Unlike using alternative cutoffs, unequal costs can affect the 
model parameters and thus have the potential to make true improvements to 
the classifier. 
For support vector machine (SVM) models, costs can be associated with 
specific classes (as opposed to specific types of errors). Recall that these 
models control the complexity using a cost function that increases the penalty 
if samples are on the incorrect side of the current class boundary. For class 
imbalances, unequal costs for each class can adjust the parameters to increase 
or decrease the sensitivity of the model to particular classes (Veropoulos et al. 
1999). Note that this approach is different from one where specific types of 
errors can have differential costs. For support vector machines (SVMs), the 
entire class can be given increased importance. For two classes, these two 
approaches are similar. 
One consequence of this approach is ne class probabilities cannot be gen- 
erated for the model, at least in the available implementation. Therefore we 
cannot calculate an ROC curve and must use a different performance metric. 
Instead we will now use the Kappa statistic, sensitivity, and specificity to 
evaluate the impact of weighted classes. 
For the SVM model, we analyzed both weighted and unweighted models 
and compared the performance results. When tuning the models, the un- 
weighted SVM required a fairly large value of the SVM cost parameter (256) 
to optimize the Kappa statistic. Applying the unweighted model to the test 
set, the Kappa statistic was 0.121 with a corresponding sensitivity of 15.5% 
and a specificity of 95.7%. The effects of weights ranging between 6 and 
25 were assessed for the training set (using resampling) and the evaluation 
set. Across the range of weights selected, the model performance based on 
the Kappa statistic, sensitivity, and specificity was very similar for the two 
data sets (Fig. 16.5). Smaller weights optimize Kappa, while moderate to 

432 ~ 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
Kappa (CV) © Sens (CV) ® Spec (CV) A 
Kappa (Eval.) © ; Sensitivity (Eval.) © Specificity (Eval.) A 
oo 1 ee 1 
1.0 
i late OMe oe 
0.6 
0.4 
ae 
oo sail 
0.0 
5 ag eg ae i i T T 
10 15 10 15 20 25 
Weight Weight 
Fig. 16.5: Tuning results for class weighted support vector machine deter- 
mined with cross-validation and the evaluation set 
high weights optimize sensitivity. Using the plot, the modeler can decide the 
appropriate operating characteristics of the model for the problem at hand 
as described in Sect. 16.3. 
Additionally, many classification tree models can incorporate differential 
costs, including CART and C5.0 trees. The potential cost of a prediction takes 
into account several factors (Johnson and Wichern 2001): 
e The cost of the particular mistake 
e The probability of making that mistake 
e The prior probability of the classes 
To illustrate how costs can be taken into account, let’s return to the 
concepts and notation used in Sect. 13.6. Let 7; represent the prior prob- 
ability of a sample being in class 7, and let Pr[j|i] be the probability of 
mistakenly predicting a class 7 sample as class j. For a two-class problem, the 
total probability of misclassifying a sample is then 
Pr{2\1\m, + Pr[1|2]7 
In practice we rarely know Pr{j|i] and instead use the estimated probability 
of the i*” class, p;. 
For two classes, the above equation can then be transformed into a rule 
for classifying a sample into class 1, if 
Pi 72 =< oo — 
D2 Ty 
This rule assumes that the costs of misclassifying a class 1 sample into class 
2 or a class 2 sample into class 1 are equal. Conveniently, the equation can 
easily be extended to consider the scenario where the costs are not the same. 

16.8 Cost-Sensitive Training 433 
Let C(j|t) be the cost of mistakenly predicting a class i sample as class j. 
Then the total expected cost of misclassification is 
Expected Cost = C'(2|1)Pr[2|1]a, + C(1|2)Pr[1|2]72 
And the revised decision boundary for classifying a sample into class 1 is 
Pi (Sony) (=) p2 OC(2|1) 7 \m 
For equal priors, the first class is only predicted when the probability ratio is 
greater than the cost ratio. If p, = 0.75 and po = 0.25, the second class would 
be predicted when the cost of erroneously predicting that class is greater 
than 3.0. 
Once the cost of each type of error is specified, CART trees can incorporate 
them into the training process. Breiman et al. (1984) discuss the use of a 
generalized Gini criterion: 
Gini* = C(1|2)pi(1 — pr) + C(2|1)p2(1 — pa) 
= [C(1|2) + C(2]1)] pipe 
where p; and pg are the observed class probabilities induced by the split. Note 
that, in this case, the two costs are lumped together when using the Gini 
index to determine splits. With more than two classes, this same issue arises. 
As such, using costs with the Gini matrix symmetrizes the costs, that is to say, 
that the costs C(i|7) and C(j|i) are averaged when determining the overall 
costs for the split. Breiman et al. (1984) also point out that, in some cases, 
using unequal costs becomes equivalent to using modified prior probabilities. 
In their examples, they note that the cost-sensitive trees tended to be smaller 
than the trees produced by the nominal procedure. The reasoning was that 
in the growing phase, the tree greedily splits to produce accurate predictions 
of the potentially costly errors but does not work as hard to be accurate on 
the remaining errors that have lower costs. 
For trees (and rules), the predicted class probabilities (or confidence 
values) might not be consistent with the discrete class predictions when un- 
equal costs are used. The final class prediction for a sample is a function of the 
class probability and the cost structure. As previously shown, the class prob- 
abilities in the terminal node may be appreciably favoring the one class but 
also have a large expected cost. For this reason, there is a disconnect between 
the confidence values and the predicted class. Therefore, simple class proba- 
bilities (or confidence values) should not be used under these circumstances. 
To demonstrate cost-sensitive model training, single CART trees were fit 
to the data with equal costs as well as a wide range of cost values (2.5 to 30) 
similar to the previous weighted SVM model. Figure 16.6 shows the results 
for the training and evaluation sets. The trends shown in these plots are noisy 
(due to the instability of CART trees), especially for sensitivity, which has 

434 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
Kappa(CV) © Sensitivity (CV) © Specificity (CV) 
Kappa (Eval.) © Sensitivity (Eval.) © Specificity (Eval.) 4 
0 5 10 15 20 25 30 
Cost Cost 
Fig. 16.6: Tuning results for cost-sensitive classification tree models deter- 
mined with cross-validation and the evaluation set 
the smaller sample size. The resampled estimate of the sensitivity was more 
pessimistic than the evaluation set. The results show that the sensitivity and 
specificity of the model start to converge at high cost values. 
Recall that C5.0 does not use the Gini criterion for splitting. With costs, 
the previous formula is used and assumes equal prior probabilities?: 
Expected Cost = C(2|1)pi; + C(1|2)pe 
Again, new samples are predicted as the class associated with the lowest 
expected cost. . 
For C5.0, the models were tuned over the model type (i.e., trees or rules) 
and the number of boosting iterations. Figure 16.7 shows the patterns for cost- 
sensitive learning with false-negative costs ranging from 5 to 50. Like the SVM 
analysis, the curves are consistent between the training and evaluation sets. 
To optimize the concordance via the Kappa statistic, smaller costs values are 
required and to increase the sensitivity, moderate to large costs are needed. 
Here, there is a clear trade-off between sensitivity and specificity, but the 
sensitivity appears to plateau for costs values greater than 25 or 30. 
4 An alternative view of this criterion is that the priors are to be included into the 
appropriate cost value. 

16.9 Computing 435 
Kappa(CV) «© Sensitivity (CV) © Specificity (CV) «a 
Kappa (Eval.) o Sensitivity (Eval.) © Specificity (Eval.) A 
———— — te fx —— ———EEE U 
10) ia 
0.20 
5 
0.15 I \ 
ise) 
for 
eo S 0.10 
0.05 
0.00 
T Se i = a ali 
0 10 20 30 40 50 0 10 20 30 40 50 
Cost Cost 
Fig. 16.7: Performance profiles for C5.0 models using cost-sensitive learning 
16.9 Computing 
This section uses the following packages: caret, C50, DMwR, DWD, kernlab, 
pROC, and rpart. 
The insurance data are contained in the DWD package, and can be loaded 
as follows: 
> library (DWD) 
> data(ticdata) 
There are several factor variables in the data set. Many of the factor levels 
have nonstandard characters, such as “%,” commas, and other values. When 
these are converted to dummy variable columns, the values violate the rules 
for naming new variables. To bypass this issue, we re-encode the names to be 
more simplistic: 
> recodeLevels <- function(x) 
ot 
+ x <- as.numeric(x) 
ae ## Add zeros to the text version: 
+ x <- gsub(" ", "0",format(as.numeric(x))) 
+ factor (x) 
te ash 
> ## Find which columns are regular factors or ordered factors 
> isOrdered <- unlist(lapply(ticdata, is.ordered)) 
> isFactor <- unlist(lapply(ticdata, is.factor)) 
> convertCols <- names(isOrdered) [isOrdered | isFactor] 
for(i in convertCols) ticdata[,i] <- recodeLevels(ticdata[,i]) 
> ## Make the level ‘insurance’ the first factor level Vv 

436 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
> ticdata$CARAVAN <- factor(as.character(ticdata$CARAVAN) , 
+ levels = rev(levels(ticdata$CARAVAN) )) 
The training and test sets were created using stratified random sampling: 
library (caret) 
## First, split the training set off 
set.seed(156) 
split1 <- createDataPartition(ticdata$CARAVAN, p = .7)[[1]] 
other <- ticdata[-split1,] 
training <- ticdata[ split1,] WN I ONS OM. 
## Now create the evaluation and test sets 
set.seed (934) 
split2 <- createDataPartition(other$CARAVAN, p = 1/3)[[1]] 
evaluation <- other[ split2,] 
testing <— other —split2, 7) 
## Determine the predictor names 
predictors <- names(training) [names(training) != "CARAVAN"] ML We NEON OWE ON NE 
Dummy variables are useful for several models being fit in this section. 
The randomForest function has a limitation that all factor predictors must 
not have more than 32 levels. The customer type predictor has 39 levels, so 
a predictor set of dummy variables is created for this and other models using 
the model.matrix function: 
> ## The first column is the intercept, which is eliminated: 
> trainingInd <- data.frame(model.matrix(CARAVAN ~ ., 
up data = training))[,-1] 
> evaluationInd <- data.frame(model.matrix(CARAVAN ~ ., 
+ data = evaluation))[,-1] 
> testingInd <- data.frame(model.matrix(CARAVAN ~ ., 
+ data = testing))[,-1] 
## Add the outcome back into the data set 
trainingInd$CARAVAN <- training$CARAVAN 
evaluationInd$CARAVAN <- evaluation$CARAVAN 
testingInd$CARAVAN <- testing$CARAVAN VwoMI WV 
> ## Determine a predictor set without highly sparse and unbalanced 
distributions: 
> isNZV <- nearZeroVar(trainingInd) 
> noNZVSet <- names(trainingInd) [-isNZV] 
To obtain different performance measures, two wrapper functions were 
created: 
> ## For accuracy, Kappa, the area under the ROC curve, 
> ## sensitivity and specificity: 
> fiveStats <- function(...) c(twoClassSummary(...), 
+ defaultSummary(...)) 
> ## Everything but the area under the ROC curve: 
> fourStats <- function (data, lev = levels(data$obs), model = NULL) 

16.9 Computing 437 
cars) 
4 
+ accKapp <- postResample(datal[, "pred"], data[, "obs"]) 
+ out <- c(accKapp, 
“ sensitivity(data[, "pred"], data[, "obs"], lev[1]), 
2 specificity(datal[, "pred"], data[, "obs"], lev[2])) 
+ names(out) [3:4] <- c("Sens", "Spec") 
aie out 
to 
Two control functions are developed for situations when class probabilities 
can be created and when they cannot: 
> ctrl <- trainControl(method = "cv", 
+ classProbs = TRUE, 
+ summaryFunction = fiveStats, 
+ verboseIter = TRUE) 
> ctrl NoProb) <—-Cticl 
> ctrlNoProb$summaryFunction <- fourStats 
> ctrlNoProb$classProbs <- FALSE 
The three baseline models were fit with the syntax: 
set.seed(1410) 
rfFit <- train(CARAVAN ~ ., data = trainingInd, 
method = "rf", 
trControl = Gtr, 
ntree = 1500, 
tuneLength = 5, 
metric = "ROC") ++ et VY 
set.seed (1410) 
irFit <- train(CARAVAN ~ ., 
data = trainingInd[, noNZVSet], 
method = "gim", 
trControl = ctrl, 
metric = "ROC") op ok ewe vy 
set.seed(1401) 
fdaFit <- train(CARAVAN ~ ., data = training, 
method = "fda", 
tuneGrid = data.frame(.degree = 1, .nprune = 1:25), 
metric = "ROC", 
trControl = ctrl) 
WOE Ee WV 
A data frame is used to house the predictions from different models: 
> evalResults <- data.frame(CARAVAN = evaluation$CARAVAN) 
> evalResults$RF <- predict(rfFit, 
ie newdata = evaluationInd, 
uu type = "prob")[,1] 

438 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
> evalResults$FDA <- predict (fdaFit, 
+ newdata = evaluation[, predictors], 
+ type = "prob")[,1] 
> evalResults$LogReg <- predict (1rFit, 
cfs newdata = valuationInd[, noNZVSet], 
+ type = "prob")[,1] 
The ROC and lift curves are created from these objects. For example: 
> library (pROC) 
> rfROC <- roc(evalResults$CARAVAN, evalResults$RF, 
a levels = rev(levels(evalResults$CARAVAN) )) 
> ## Create labels for the models: 
> labs <- c(RF = "Random Forest", LogReg = "Logistic Regression", 
+ FDA = "FDA (MARS)") 
> lift1 <- lift(CARAVAN ~ RF + LogReg + FDA, data = evalResults, 
+ labels = labs) 
Sess Hel 
Call: 
roc.default (response = evalResults$CARAVAN, predictor = evalResults$RF, 
levels = rev(levels(evalResults$CARAVAN) ) ) 
Data: evalResults$RF in 924 controls (evalResults$CARAVAN noinsurance) < 
59 cases (evalResults$CARAVAN insurance). 
Area under the curve: 0.7569 
Ss igi al 
Call: 
lift.formula(x = CARAVAN ~ RF + LogReg + FDA, data = evalResults, 
labels = labs) 
Models: Random Forest, Logistic Regression, FDA (MARS) 
Event: insurance (6%) 
To plot the curves: 
> plot(rfROC, legacy.axes = TRUE) 
> xyplot (itt, 
+ ylab = "Events Found", xlab = "%Customers Evaluated", 
e lwd = 2, type = "1") 
Alternate Cutoffs 
After the ROC curve has been created, there are several functions in the pROC 
package that can be used to investigate possible cutoffs. The coords function 
returns the points on the ROC curve as well as deriving new cutoffs. The main 
arguments are.x, which specifies what should be returned. A value of x = "all" 
will return the coordinates for the curve and their associated cutoffs. A value 
of "best" will derive a new cutoff. Using x = "best" in conjunction with the 
best .method (either "youden" or "closest.topleft") can be informative: 

16.9 Computing 439 
> rfThresh <- coords(rfROC, x = "best", best.method = "closest.topleft") 
> rfThresh 
threshold specificity sensitivity 
0.06433333 0.75865801 0.64406780 
For this, new predicted classes can be calculated: 
> newValue <- factor(ifelse(evalResults$RF > rfThresh, 
ote "insurance", "noinsurance"), 
+ levels = levels(evalResults$CARAVAN) ) 
Sampling Methods 
The caret package has two functions, downSample and upSample, that readjust 
the class frequencies. Each takes arguments for the predictors (called x) and 
the outcome class (y). Both functions return a data frame with the sampled 
version of the training set: 
set.seed(1103) 
upSampledTrain <- upSample(x = training[,predictors], 
y = training$CARAVAN, 
## keep the class variable name the same: 
yname = "CARAVAN") | 
Wt, si NY dim(training) 
[1] 6877 86 
> dim(upSampledTrain) 
[4]) 12932 86 
> table (upSampledTrain$CARAVAN) 
insurance noinsurance 
6466 6466 
The down-sampling function has the same syntax. A function for SMOTE 
can be found in the DMwR package. It takes a model formula as an input, 
along with parameters (such as the amount of over- and under-sampling and 
the number of neighbors). The basic syntax is 
library (DMwR) 
set.seed (1103) 
smoteTrain <- SMOTE(CARAVAN ~ ., data = training) 
dim(smoteTrain) 
Pu 2876 86 
> table (smoteTrain$CARAVAN) Vo Wee 
insurance noinsurance 
We Fe 1644 
These data sets can be used as inputs into the previous modeling code. 

440 
Cost-Sensitive Training 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
Class-weighted SVMs can be created using the kernlab package. The syntax 
for the ksvm function is the same as previous descriptions, but the 
class.weights argument is put to use. The train function has similar syn- 
Gabe 
set.seed(1157) 
## ROC curve. 
set.seed(1401) 
He te a INN INNS ONION 
> SVMwts 
6877 samples 
203 predictors library (kernlab) 
## We will train over a large cost range, so we precompute the sigma 
## parameter and make a custom tuning grid: 
NULL 
data sigma <- sigest (CARAVAN ~ 
names(sigma) <- 
svmGrid <- data. frame(.sigma 
.C = 2°seq(-6, 1, length 
## Class probabilities cannot be generated with class weights, so 
## use the control object 'ctrlNoProb' to avoid estimating the 
SVMwts <- train(CARAVAN ~ a 
ois) data = trainingInd[, noNZVSet], frac = 
= sigma[2], 
= 15)) 
= trainingInd[, noNZVSet], 
method = 
tuneGrid 
prerroc = 
class.weights = 
metric = 
trControl 
2 classes: 'insurance', "svmRadial", 
= svmGrid, 
eC'center™; 
"Sens", 
ctr1NoProb) 
‘noinsurance' 
Pre-processing: centered, scaled 
Resampling: Cross-Validation (10-fold) "scale') , 
c(insurance = 18, noinsurance 
Summary of sample sizes: 6189, 6190, 6190, 6189, 6189, 6189, 
Resampling results across tuning parameters: 
Cc 
0.0156 0.557 
0.0221 0.614 
0.0312 0.637 
0.0442 0.644 
0.0625 0.658 
0.0884 0.672 
0.125 0.684 
OP Onin 
0.25 ORs 
0.354 0.724 
0.5 0.737 oo. 2 2 2 oo 2 2 Accuracy Kappa 
0. 
. 0806 
. 0864 
.0883 
-0939 
.0958 
-101 
. 106 
. 108 
sail 
Pet led 0682 Sens 
(a) Ke Se (Sy Wt ey ey (Sian 1S) . 742 
691 
. 669 
- 662 
.657 
.633 
.625 
Alopitit 
Bobet 
.572 
.543 Wn ie) oO fe) 
SOS OS) 1S One SOS) .545 
-609 
-635 
-643 
-658 
-674 
-688 
.705 
offs) 
. 734 
75 1); BYdey) 

16.9 Computing 441 
0.707 0.75 0.109 0.506 0.765 
i 0.765 0.104 0.46 0.785 
ae 0.776 0.097 0.416 0.799 
2 0.791 0.102 0.394 0.817 
Tuning parameter 'sigma' was held constant at a value of 0.00245 
Sens was used to select the optimal model using the largest value. 
The final values used for the model were C = 0.0156 and sigma = 0.00245. 
(The standard deviation columns were not shown to save space) Prediction 
uses the same syntax as unweighted models. 
For cost-sensitive CART models, the rpart package is used with the parms 
argument, which is a list of fitting options. One option, loss, can take a 
matrix of costs: 
> costMatrix <— matrix(c(O, i, 20, 0)> meol = 2) 
> rownames(costMatrix) <- levels(training$CARAVAN) 
> colnames(costMatrix) <- levels(training$CARAVAN) 
> costMatrix 
insurance noinsurance 
insurance 0 20 
noinsurance ak 0 
Here, there would be a 20-fold higher cost of a false negative than a false 
positive. To fit the model: 
> library (rpart) 
> set.seed(1401) 
> cartCosts <- train(x = training[,predictors], 
+ y = training$CARAVAN, 
*f method = "rpart", 
+ trControl = ctr1NoProb, 
=f metric = "Kappa", 
+ tuneLength = 10, 
+ parms = list(loss = costMatrix)) 
Similar to the support vector machine model, the syntax for generating class 
predictions is the same as the nominal model. However, any class probabilities 
generated from this model may not match the predicted classes (which are a 
function of the cost and the probabilities). 
C5.0 has similar syntax to rpart by taking a cost matrix, although this 
function uses the transpose of the cost matrix structure used by rpart: 
ebMatrix <= matrix(c(0, 20, 1, 0), ncol = 2) 
rownames(c5Matrix) <- levels(training$CARAVAN) 
colnames(c5Matrix) <- levels(training$CARAVAN) 
cSMatrix ANA ONG 
insurance noinsurance 
insurance 0) ah 
noinsurance 20 0) 

442 ' 16 Remedies for Severe Class Imbalance 
> library (C50) 
> set.seed(1401) 
> C5Cost <- train(x = training[, predictors], 
+ y = training$CARAVAN, 
a method = "C5.0", 
ou metric = "Kappa", 
ate cost: = chbMatrix, 
+ trControl = ctrl1NoProb) 
When employing costs, the predict function for this model only produces the 
discrete classes (i.e. no probabilities). 
Exercises 
16.1. The “adult” data set at the UCI Machine Learning Repository is 
derived from census records.” In these data, the goal is to predict whether 
a person’s income was large (defined in 1994 as more than $50K) or small. 
The predictors include educational level, type of job (e.g., never worked, and 
local government), capital gains/losses, work hours per week, native country, 
and so on.° After filtering out data where the outcome class is unknown, there 
were 48842 records remaining. The majority of the data were associated with 
a small income level (75.9%). 
The data are contained in the arules package and the appropriate version 
can be loaded using data(AdultUCI) . 
(a) Load the data and investigate the predictors in terms of their distributions 
and potential correlations. 
(b) Determine an appropriate split of the data. 
(c) Build several classification models for these data. Do the results favor the 
small income class? 
(d) Is there a good trade-off that can be made between the sensitivity and 
specificity? 
(e) Use sampling methods to improve the model fit. 
(f) Do cost-sensitive models help performance? 
16.2. The direct marketing data of Larose (2006, Chap. 7) discussed previ- 
ously in Chap. 11 can be found at the author’s web site.’ The goal of the 
° These data are first referenced in Kohavi (1996). A description of the data col- 
lection and a summary of the results of previous models can be found at the 
UCI Machine Learning Repository (http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning- 
databases/adult/adult.names). 
© Another attribute, “fnlwgt,” only contains information about the data collection 
process and should not be used as a predictor. 
” http: //www.dataminingconsultant.com /data. 

16.9 Computing 443 
analysis was to predict which customers would respond to a promotional 
opportunity via mail. 
Of the 65220 customers in thé data set, 16.6 % responded to the promotion. 
The predictors in the data set include 
e Spending habits, in aggregate and broken down by month and frequently 
visited store locations 
The types of products purchased 
Time between visits 
Historical promotion response rates 
Predefined customer cluster memberships 
Larose (2006) discussed the class imbalance for this problem and demon- 
strates several techniques to achieve effective results. 
(a) Read the data into R, conduct exploratory analyses, and determine the 
best method for encoding the predictors. 
(b) Determine an appropriate split of the data and build several classification 
models for these data. 
(c) Construct lift plots to understand a possible strategy regarding how 
many customers should be contacted to capture an estimated 60% of 
responders. 
(d) Use sampling methods with several models. Do these models have better 
lift charts, and can they be used to contact fewer customers to achieve a 
60 % response rate (of those who were given the promotion)? 

Oo 
ney = 
: — eee fam ob Gd gun Oa anil 
. =v (teem 

Chapter 17 
Case Study: Job Scheduling 
High-performance computing (HPC) environments are used by many 
technology and research organizations to facilitate large-scale computations. 
An HPC environment usually consists of numerous “compute nodes” net- 
worked to handle computations required by the users. These can be structured 
in different ways, such as a network of many computers each with fewer pro- 
cessors, or a network of fewer computers with many processors. The amount 
of memory on each may vary from environment to environment and often is 
built based on a balance between available funds and the nature of the types 
of computations required by an institution. 
A specific unit of computations (generally called a job here) can be 
launched by users for execution in the HPC environment. The issue is that, in 
many cases, a large number of programs are executed simultaneously and the 
environment has to manage these jobs in a way that returns the job results 
in the most efficient manner. This may be a complicated task. For example: 
e There are times where the existing jobs outnumber the capacity of the 
environment. In these cases, some jobs will be required to stay pending 
prior to launch until the appropriate resources are available. 
e The frequency of submissions by users may vary. If one user submits a 
large number of jobs at once, it may be undesirable for the system to let a 
single user consume the majority of resources at the expense of the other 
users. 
e All compute jobs may not be treated equally. Higher priority projects may 
require more privileged access to the hardware resources. For example, 
jobs at a pharmaceutical company needed to support a time-sensitive reg- 
ulatory submission may need to have a higher priority than jobs related 
to research-oriented tasks. 
A common solution to this problem is to use a job scheduler—a software that 
prioritizes jobs for submissions, manages the computational resources, and 
initiates submitted jobs to maximize efficiency. The scheduler can enact a 
queuing system based on several factors such as resource requirements for 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 445 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_17, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

446 17 Case Study: Job Scheduling 
Jdb Information 
Job Array 1 Jobl Job2 2 
User A User B User C 
6 CPUs 1 CPU 1 CPU x 50 
2 GB RAM 25 MB RAM 500 MB RAM x 50 
Current Load Job Scheduler 
a*: "Machine N + 
eo SORUs wy 
Fig. 17.1: A hypothetical example of a job scheduler in a high-performance 
computing environment 
a job (e.g., number of processors required, memory requirements), project 
priority, and the current load of the environment. The scheduler may also 
consider the submission history of specific users when delegating jobs to 
computational resources. 
Figure 17.1 shows a schematic of such a system. The top shows three 
hypothetical jobs that are submitted at the same time. The first two have a 
single set of computations each but have different requirements. For example, 
the first job could be a scientific computation that spreads the computations 
across multiple processors on the same physical machine. The second job 
may be a short database query that a scientist makes interactively from a 
web site. This job is expected to run quickly with low overhead. The third 
case represents a cohesive set of computations that are launched at once but 
correspond to a set of independent calculations (such as a simulation) that 
use the same program. This job array launches 50 independent calculations 
that can be run on different machines but should be managed and supervised 
as a single entity. Again the goal of the scheduler is to allocate these jobs to 
the system in a manner that maximizes efficiency. 
The efficiency of the scheduler can be significantly affected by the amount 
and quality of job information that is known at the time of submission. 
This allows the scheduler to place the jobs on suitable machines at the 

17 Case Study: Job Scheduling 447 
appropriate time. For computations that are repeated a large number of 
times, it is straightforward to record information on existing jobs then make 
resource predictions on new jobs. For example, it may be helpful to predict 
the execution time or maximum memory requirements for a job at the time of 
submission. The requirements for such a prediction are that it be quick and 
accurate. However, the accuracy requirements should take into account the 
fact that prediction errors do not likely have the same impact on the environ- 
ment’s performance. For example, if the predicted amount of memory needed 
is severely underestimated, this could cause physical machine resources to 
be overburdened and may drastically affect all the jobs on that machine. 
The cost of this type of error should be high in order for the scheduler to 
avoid this problem. The converse problem is not true: overestimation of mem- 
ory needs may cause abnormally low utilization of a hardware resource but 
will not critically affect existing jobs on the system. A cost should be assigned 
to this error, but likely not as high as the other type of error. 
As an example, Pfizer runs a large number of jobs in its HPC environment. 
One class of jobs for characterizing compounds is run regularly, some of which 
can be computationally burdensome. Over a period of time, resource utiliza- 
tion information was logged about this class of jobs. Additionally, there are 
several task characteristics that can be collected at the time of job launch: 
e Protocol: Several different analytical techniques, called protocols, can be 
used to calculate results for each compound. The protocols are coded as 
letters A through 0; protocol J was used the most (22.8% of all the jobs) 
while protocol K was rarely invoked (0.1%). 
e Number of compounds: The number of compounds processed by the job. 
This number varied wildly across the data. 
e Number of input fields: Each task can process a number of different input 
fields in the data, depending on what the scientist would like to analyze. 
This predictor is also right skewed. 
e Number of iterations: Each protocol can run for a pre-specified number 
of iterations. The default is 20 iterations, which occurs most frequently in 
these data. 
e Pending job count: A count of how many jobs were pending at the time 
launch was recorded. This is meant to measure the workload of the environ- 
ment at the time of the launch. All other things being equal, the number of 
pending jobs should not directly affect execution time of the jobs but may 
capture the amount of resources being used at the time. For these data, 
most jobs were launched at a time when there were available resources, so 
no jobs were pending. However, a minority of requests were made when the 
hardware was in high demand (thousands of jobs were already pending). 
e Time of day: The time of day (Eastern Standard Time) that the job was 
launched (0 to 24). The distribution is multimodal, which reflects users 
coming online in three different time zones on two continents. 
e Day of the week: The day of the week when the job was launched. 

448 17 Case Study: Job Scheduling 
Execution time was recorded for each job. Time spent in pending or 
suspended states were not counted in these values. While the outcome is 
continuous in nature, the scheduler required a qualitative representation for 
this information. Jobs were required to be classified as either very fast (1 m or 
less), fast (1-50m), moderate (5-30m), or long (greater than 30m). Most of 
the jobs fall into either the very fast category (51.1%) or the fast category 
(31.1%) while only 11.9% were classified as moderate and 6% were long. 
The goal of this experiment is to predict the class of the jobs using the 
information given in Table 17.1. Clearly, the types of errors are not equal and 
there should be a greater penalty for classifying jobs as very short that are 
in fact long. Also, since the prediction equation will need to be implemented 
in software and quickly computed, models with simpler prediction equations 
are preferred. 
Over the course of two years, changes were made to some of the hardware in 
the HPC environment. As a consequence, the same job run on two different 
vintages of hardware may produce different execution times. This has the 
effect of inflating the inherent variation in the execution times and can lead 
to potential mislabeling of the observed classes. While there is no way to 
handle this in the analysis, any model for classifying execution times should 
be revisited over time (on the assumption that new hardware will decrease 
execution time). 
Before delving into model building, it is important to investigate the data. 
Prior to modeling, one would expect that the main drivers of the execution 
time would be the number of compounds, the number of tasks, and, which 
protocol is being executed. As an initial investigation, Fig. 17.2 shows the 
relationship between the protocols and the execution time classes using a 
mosaic plot. Here the widths of the boxes are indicative of the number of 
jobs run for the protocol (e.g., protocol J was run the most and K the least). 
To predict the slow jobs, one can see that only a few protocols produce long 
execution times. Others, such as protocol D, are more likely to be executed 
very quickly. Given these relationships, we might expect the protocol infor- 
mation to be potentially important to the model. 
Figure 17.3 shows another visualization of the data using a table plot. Here, 
the data are ordered by the class then binned into 100 slices. Within each 
slice, the average value of the numeric predictors is determined. Similarly, the 
frequency distribution of the categorical predictors is determined. The results 
for each predictor are shown in columns so that the modeler can have a better 
understanding of how each predictor relates to the outcome. In the figure, we 
can see that: 
e The jobs associated with a large number of compounds tend to be either 
large or moderate in execution time. 
e Many of the jobs of moderate length were submitted when the number 
of pending jobs was very high. However, this trend does not reproduce 
itself in the very long jobs. Because of this, it would be important to 

17 Case Study: Job Scheduling 449 
Table 17.1: Predictors for the job scheduler data 
a Varnes 4331 Observations 
Protocol 
n psi unique 
4331 14 
A C D E G IWS L M N 0 
Frequency 94 160 149 96 170 155 301 381 989 6 242 451 536 581 
ip 2 4 Se 4 4 @ 2) wsy @ (SSK) Piles 
Compounds fee. 
n Daa unique Mean 0.05 0.10 0.25 0.50 0.75 0.90 0.95 
4331 858 497.7 27 37 98 226 448 967 2512 
lowest : 20 2 22 23 24 
highest: 14087 14090 14091 14097 14103 
InputFields [ener 
n missing unique Mean 0.05 0.10 0.25 0.50 0.75 0.90 0.95 
4331 i 1730 1537 26 48 134 426 991 4165 7594 
lowest : 10 al de iS} 14 
highest: 36021 45420 45628 55920 56671 
Iterations 
n missin a Mean 0.05 0.10 0.25 0.50 0.75 0.90 0.95 
4331 6 2 O22 Oe? U2 Oe SOR 00) 
IO) shal alls) 20 30 40 50 100 125 150 200 
Prequencye2(2e 9) 253568) 35) @ 153.1183 1 DNAS: 
ys Gon nO ise 0) © 4 4 0) 0) 3) 
NumPending lL. 
n missing unique Mean 0.05 0.10 0.25 0.50 0.75 0.90 0.95 
4331 OST 5B SOM OOM OLO OOF CLO OL08 332045, b: 
lowest : 0) 1 2 3 4, highest: 3822 3870 3878 5547 5605 
Hour Re nA ev slurs uu fe Be 
n missing unique Mean 0.05 0.10 0.25 0.50 0.75 0.90 0.95 
4331 i 924 13.73 7.025 9.333 10.900 14.017 16.600 18.250 19.658 
lowest = 0.01667 0.03333 0.08333 0.10000 0.11667 
highest: 23.20000 23.21667 23.35000 23.80000 23.98333 
Day 
n ee unique 
4331 7 
Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 
Frequency 692 900 903 720 923 32 161 
it WG 25 ah ale Da 

450 17 Case Study: Job Scheduling 
VF 
Fig. 17.2: A mosaic lot of the class frequencies for each protocol. The width 
of the boxes is determined by the number of jobs observed in the data set 
prospectively validate this observation to make sure that it is not a fluke 
of this particular data set. 
e When the number of iterations is large, the job tends to go long. 
One shortcoming of this particular visualization is that it obscures the rela- 
tionships between predictors. Correlation plots and scatter plot matrices are 
effective methods for finding these types of relationships. 
Additionally, Fig. 17.4 shows scatter plots for the number of compounds 
versus the number of input fields by protocol. In these plots, the jobs are 
colored by class. For some cases, such as protocols A, C, D, H, I, and K, the 
number of compounds and fields appears to provide information to differen- 
tiate the classes. However, these relationships are class specific; the patterns 
for protocols I and K are different. Another interesting aspect of this analysis 
is that the correlation pattern between the number of compounds versus the 
number of input fields is protocol-specific. For example, there is very little 
correlation between the two predictors for some protocols (e.g., J, 0) and a 
strong correlation in others (such as D, E, and H). These patterns might be 
important and are more likely to be discovered when the modeler looks at 
the actual data points. 
17.1 Data Splitting and Model Strategy 
There are 4331 samples available; 80% will be used for training the algorithms 
while the remainder will be used to evaluate the final candidate models. 
The data were split using stratified random sampling to preserve the class 

451 17.1 Data Splitting and Model Strategy 
Keq 
JNOH 
Bqep 
oy} 
Jo 
ord 
aqey 
VW 
ELT 
SI (Bulpua 
gunn) 
bo} 
(suolye19}) 60} 
spjal4indu| 
(spunodwo4)6o| 
[0001014 
7, 
Leer —— 
:sjoel[go 
OO-L 
“SUIG MOL %001 
+ %06 + %08 + %0L t %09 %0S 
| 0b | %OE %0% %01 
Ln SSeIO. 
A 

452 ; 17 Case Study: Job Scheduling 
VF e Fos M 4 L * 
1041 1043 1041 1043 
Sc Uiuon Sek Wee 
104.0 
1043.5 
1043.0 
1042.5 
1042.0 
HOMIES 
Compounds 
1041 1043 
Input Fields 
Fig. 17.4: A scatter plot of the number of compounds versus the number of 
fields for each protocol. The points are colored by their execution time class 
distribution of the outcome. Five repeats of 10-fold cross-validation were used 
to tune the models. 
Rather than creating models that maximize the overall accuracy or Kappa 
statistics, a custom cost function is used to give higher weight to errors where 
long and medium jobs are misclassified as fast or very fast. Table 17.2 shows 
how the costs associated with each type of error affect the overall measure of 
performance. The cost is heavily weighted so that long jobs will not be submit- 
ted to queues (or hardware) that are designed for small, quick jobs. Moderate- 
length jobs are also penalized for being misclassified as more efficient jobs. 

17.1 Data Splitting and Model Strategy 453 
Table 17.2: Cost structure used to optimize the model 
Observed Class 
VE ie M L 
VE 0 an 5 10 
F i 0 5 5 
M 1 1 0 ih 
L 1 1 1 0 
Longer jobs that are misclassified as fast are penalized more in this criterion 
The best possible approach to model training is when this cost function 
is used to estimate the model parameters (see Sect. 16.8). A few tree-based 
models allow for this, but most of the models considered here do not. 
A series of models were fit to the training set. The tuning parameter com- 
bination associated with the smallest average cost value was chosen for the 
final model and used in conjunction with the entire training set. The following 
models were investigated: 
Linear discriminant analysis: This model was created using the standard 
set of equations as well as with the penalized version that conducts fea- 
ture selection during model training. Predictor subset sizes ranging from 
2 to 112 were investigated in conjunction with several values of the ridge 
penalty: 0, 0.01, 0.1, 1 and 10. 
Partial least squares discriminant analysis: The PLS model was fit with 
the number of components ranging from 1 to 91. 
Neural networks: Models were fit with hidden units ranging from 1 to 19 
and 5 weight decay values: 0, 0.001, 0.01, 0.1, and 0.5. 
Flexible discriminant analysis: First-degree MARS hinge functions were 
used and the number of retained terms was varied from 2 to 23. 
Support vector machines (SVMs): Two different models were fit with the 
radial basis function. One using equal weights per class and another where 
the moderate jobs were given a fivefold weight and long jobs were up- 
weighted tenfold. In each case, the analytical calculations for estimating 
the RBF kernel function were used in conjunction with cost values ranging 
from 2~? to 2! in the log scale. 
Single CART trees: Similarly, the CART models were fit with equal costs 
per class and another where the costs mimic those in Table 17.2. In each 
case, the model was tuned over 20 values of the complexity parameter. 
Bagged CART trees: These models used 50 bagged CART trees with and 
without incorporating the cost structure. 
Random forests: The model used 2,000 trees in the forest and was tuned 
over 6 values of the tuning parameter. 

454 17 Case Study: Job Scheduling 
e C5.0: This model was evaluated with tree- and rule-based models, with 
and without winnowing, with single models and with up to 100 iterations 
of boosting. An alternative version of this model was fit that utilized the 
cost structure shown in Table 17.2. 
For this application, there is a bias towards models which are conducive to fast 
predictions. If the prediction equation(s) for the model can be easily encoded 
in software (such as a simple tree or neural network) or can be executed from 
a simple command-line interface (such as C5.0), the model is preferred over 
others. 
17.2 Results 
The model results are shown in Fig. 17.5 where box plots of the resampling 
estimates of the mean cost value are shown. The linear models, such as LDA 
and PLS, did not do well here. Feature selection did not help the linear 
discriminant model, but this may be due to that model’s inability to han- 
dle nonlinear class boundaries. FDA also showed poor performance in terms 
of cost. 
There is a cluster of models with average costs that are likely to be 
equivalent, mostly SVMs and the various tree ensemble methods. Using 
costs/weights had significant positive effects on the single CART tree and 
SVMs. Figure 17.6 shows the resampling profiles for these two models in 
Z| see l es l 
PLS peers {¢ pPeeasaaes 
FDA Porsesk: cia Eig 
LDA ae ie ROR Sea 
LDA (Sparse) He Soe jew esse 
CART ie Aas mea Wid See IG 
Neural Networks Sears a 
SVM aaa: a Once 
Bagging (Costs) ‘Gates Se ee oot 
CART (Costs) == ~~ ey oe ed : 
C5.0 (Costs) \-=f{=s@n p= =-==2-4 
SVM (Weights) Beet Te gsoces 1 9 
Bagging a {~e }------- ‘00 
Random Forests {esa ss (MOMs a1 
C5.0 fee ae se es a 
ar I al Syl = T T 
0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 0.6 On, 0.8 
. Cost 
Fig. 17.5: Average cost resampling profiles for various models 

17.2 Results 455 
Equal Costs o UnEqual Costs x 
102.5 104-15 104-0.5 
pale 
Accuracy 
T T T lieeel sce) al ae 
104—2°5 1041.5 10—0:5 102.5 10%—-1.5 100.5 
Complexity Parameter 
Equal Weights 0 UnEqual Weights =x 
240 245 210 
0.8 
0.7 
0.6 
OS 
0.4 
T T I E | I | T 
240 245 2410 240 245 210 
Cost 
Fig. 17.6: The effect of incorporating the cost structure into the CART 
training process (top) and weights for support vector machines (bottom) 
terms of their estimates of the cost, overall accuracy and Kappa statistic. 
The CART model results show that using the cost has a negative effect on 
accuracy and Kappa but naturally improved the cost estimates. No matter 
the metric, the tuning process would have picked the same CART model 

456 17 Case Study: Job Scheduling 
Table 17.3: Resampled confusion matrices for the random forest and cost- 
sensitive CART models 
Cost-sensitive CART Random forests 
VE F M Ib VE F M 1b 
Via 02486 DAO (0)? 164.7 18.0 13 OED 
F NOB AP Bil 0.2 UO Sire melelecy 1.8 
M WG) aistas’ Malas 5.8 0.2 ine WATia! 1.8 
L OY eit). Whe 46 O:0" O86 0°98 17.0 
Each value is the average number of jobs that occurred in that cell across the 
50 holdout data sets. The columns are the true job classes 
for final training. The support vector machine (SVM) results are somewhat 
different. Using class weights also had a slight negative effect on accuracy 
and Kappa, but the improvement in the estimated cost was significant. Also, 
the unweighted model would be optimized with a much higher SVM cost 
parameter (and thus more complex models) than the weighted version. 
Oddly, the C5.0 model without costs did very well, but adding the cost 
structure to the tree-building process increased the estimated cost of the 
model. Also, bagging CART trees with costs had a small negative effect on 
the model 
Trees clearly did well for these data, as did support vector machines and 
neural networks. Is there much of a difference between the top models? 
One approach to examining these results is to look at a confusion matrix 
generated across the resamples. Recall that for resampling, there were 50 
hold-out sets that contained, on average, about 347 jobs: For each one of 
these hold—out sets, a confusion matrix was calculated and the average con- 
fusion matrix was calculated by averaging the cell frequencies. 
Table 17.3 shows two such tables for the random forests model and the 
cost-sensitive CART model. For random forest, the average number of long 
jobs that were misclassified as very fast was 0.2 while the same value for the 
classification tree was 0.24. The CART tree shows very poor accuracy for the 
fast jobs compared to the random forest model. However, the opposite is true 
for moderately long jobs; random forest misclassified 72.56% of those jobs (on 
average), compared to 65.52% for the single tree. For long jobs, the single tree 
has a higher error rate than the ensemble method. How do these two models 
compare using the test set? The test set cost for random forest was 0.316 
while the single classification trees had a average cost of 0.37. Table 17.4 
shows the confusion matrices for the two models. The trends in the test set 
are very similar to the resampled estimates. The single tree does worse with 
fast and long jobs while random forests have issues predicting the moderately 

17.3 Computing A457 
Table 17.4: Test set confusion matrices for the random forest and cost- 
sensitive CART models 
Cost-sensitive CART Random forests 
VF EF M iL VE F M 1D 
Via oss 61 5 1 414 45 3 0 
F 32 106 7 D, 28 206 Dit Hy 
M 26 99 87 15 0 18 71 6 
L 1 3 3 33 0 0 1 40 
The columns are the true job classes 
long jobs. In summary, the overall differences between the two models are not 
large. 
17.3 Computing 
The data are contained in the AppliedPredictiveModeling package. After 
loading the data, a training and test set were created: 
VEN aN atm Sates NZD NE OTENS ENE library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
data (HPC) 
set.seed(1104) 
inTrain <- createDataPartition(schedulingData$Class, 
p = -8, 
list = FALSE) 
schedulingData$NumPending <- schedulingData$NumPending + 1 
trainData <- schedulingData[ inTrain, ] 
testData <- schedulingData[-inTrain, ] 
Since the costs defined in Table 17.2 will be used to judge the models, 
functions were written to estimate this value from a set of observed and 
predicted classes: 
> 
+ 
+ 
7 
~ 
7 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ cost <- function(pred, obs) 
if 
isNA <- is.na(pred) 
if (!all(isNA) ) 
di 
pred <- pred[!isNA] 
obs <- obs[!isNA] 
cost <- ifelse(pred == obs, 0, 1) 
if (any(pred == "VF" & obs == "L")) 
cost[pred == "L" & obs == "VF"] <- 10 
if (any(pred == "F" & obs == "L")) 
cost[pred == "F" & obs == "L"] <- 5 

458 17 Case Study: Job Scheduling 
zt if (any(pred == "F" & obs == "M")) 
+ cost[pred == "F" & obs == "M"] <- 5 
+ if(any(pred == "VF" & obs == "M")) 
cost[pred == "VF" & obs == "M"] <- 5 
+ out <- mean(cost) 
of } else out <- NA 
+ out 
ie 
> costSummary <- function (data, lev = NULL, model = NULL) 
aaa 
+ if (is.character(dataf$obs)) data$obs <- factor(datafobs, 
levels = lev) 
+ c(postResample(data[, "pred"], data[, "obs"])), 
+ Cost = cost(data[, "pred"], data[, "obs"])) 
“pd 
The latter function is used in the control object for future computations: 
> ctrl <- trainControl(method = "repeatedcv", repeats = 5, 
+ summaryFunction = costSummary) 
For the cost-sensitive tree models, a matrix representation of the costs was 
also created: 
> costMatrix <- ifelse(diag(4) == 1, 0, 1) 
> costMatrix[1,4] <- 10 
> costMatrix[1,3] <- 5 
> costMatrix[2,4] <- 5 
> CostMatzix|2,3) <= 5 
> rownames(costMatrix) <- levels(trainData$Class) 
> colnames(costMatrix) <- levels(trainData$Class) 
> costMatrix 
The tree-based methods did not use independent categories, but the other 
models require that the categorical predictors (e.g., protocol) are decomposed 
into dummy variables. A model formula was created that log transforms 
several of the predictors (given the skewness demonstrated in Table 17.1): 
> modForm <- as.formula(Class ~ Protocol + log1i0(Compounds) + 
+ logi0(InputFields)+ logi0(Iterations) + 
logi10(NumPending) + Hour + Day) 
The specifics of the models fit to the data can be found in the Chapter 
directory of the AppliedPredictiveModeling package and follow similar syn- 
tax to the code shown in previous chapters. However, the cost-sensitive and 
weighted model function calls are 
> ## Cost-Sensitive CART 
> set.seed (857) 
> rpFitCost <- train(x = trainData[, predictors], 
+ y = trainData$Class, 
+ method = "rpart", 
+ metric = "Cost", 
+ Maximize = FALSE, 

17.3 Computing 459 
+ tuneLength = 20, 
=F ## rpart structures the cost matrix so that 
+ ## the true classes are in rows, so we 
fe ## transpose the cost matrix 
+ parms =list(loss = t(costMatrix)), 
cfs trControl = ctrl) 
> ## Cost- Sensitive C5.0 
> set.seed (857) 
> c50Cost <- train(x = trainDatal, predictors], 
y = trainData$Class, 
uP method = "C5.0", 
+ metric = "Cost", 
+ maximize = FALSE, 
+ costs = costMatrix, 
+ tuneGrid = expand.grid(.trials = c(1, (1:10)+*10), 
+ .model = "tree", 
+ .winnow = c(TRUE, FALSE)), 
+ trControl = ctrl) 
## Cost-Sensitive bagged trees 
rpCost <- function(x, y) 
6 
costMatrix <- ifelse(diag(4) == 1, 0, 1) 
costMatrix[4, 1] <- 10 
costMatrix[3, 1] <- 5 
costMatrix[4, 2] <- 5 
costMatrix[3, 2] <- 5 
library (rpart) 
tip: <- xX 
tmp$y <- y 
rpart(y~., 
data = tmp, 
control = rpart.control(cp = 0), 
parms = list(loss = costMatrix)) 
ti 
rpPredict <- function(object, x) predict(object, x) 
rpAgg <- function (x, type = "class") 
if 
pooled <- x[[1]] * NA 
n <- nrow(pooled) 
classes <- colnames (pooled) 
for (i in 1:ncol(pooled)) 
{ 
impa<= lappily.(s. LunGiaoniGy, Col) yi, collin col — 1) 
tmp <- do.call("rbind", tmp) 
pooled[, i] <- apply(tmp, 2, median) 
} 
pooled <- apply(pooled, 1, function(x) x/sum(x)) 
if (n != nrow(pooled)) pooled <- t(pooled) 
out <- factor(classes[apply(pooled, 1, which.max)], 
levels = classes) ++ ttt ttt tt tteteevVVNeE HEHEHE HEHEHE HEHE ttt ttvVG 

460 17 Case Study: Job Scheduling 
sid out ’ 
ae 
> set.seed (857) 
> rpCostBag <- train(trainData[, predictors], 
2 trainData$Class, 
it ‘pag, 
+ B = 50;, 
=f bagControl = bagControl(fit = rpCost, 
Me predict = rpPredict, 
+ aggregate = rpAgg, 
+ downSample = FALSE), 
st trControl = ctrl) 
> 
> ## Weighted SVM 
> set.seed(857) 
> svmRFitCost <- train(modForm, data = trainData, 
fie method = "svmRadial", 
+ metric = "Cost", 
“te maximize = FALSE, 
ce preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
+ class.weights = c(VF = 1, F = 1, 
a M= 5, L = 10), 
+ tuneLength = 15, 
+ trControl = ctrl) 
The resampled versions of the confusion matrices were computed using the 
confusionMatrix function on the objects produced by the train function, such 
as 
> confusionMatrix(rpFitCost, norm = "none") 
Cross-Validated (10-fold, repeated 5 times) Confusion Matrix 
(entries are un-normalized counts) 
Reference 
Prediction VF F M i 
VF 157.0 24.6 220 On2 
F 10.3 43.2 real 0.2 
M 976 38.3) 34.5 5.8 
ie 0.0 Neath 1.6 14.6 
The norm argument determines how the raw counts from each resample should 
be normalized. A value of "none" results in the average counts in each cell 
of the table. Using norm = "overall" first divides the cell entries by the total 
number of data points in the table, then averages these percentages. 

Part IV 
‘ Other Considerations 


Chapter 18 
Measuring Predictor Importance 
Often, we desire to quantify the strength of the relationship between the 
predictors and the outcome. As the number of attributes becomes large, 
exploratory analysis of the all the predictors may be infeasible and concentrat- 
ing on those with strong relationships with the outcome may be an effective 
triaging strategy. Ranking predictors in this manner can be very useful when 
sifting through large amounts of data. 
One of the primary reasons to measure the strength or relevance of the 
predictors is to filter which should be used as inputs in a model. This super- 
vised feature selection can be data driven based on the existing data. The re- 
sults of the filtering process, along with subject matter expertise, can be 
a critical step in creating an effective predictive model. As will be seen in 
the next chapter, many feature selection algorithms rely on a quantitative 
relevance score for filtering. 
Many predictive models have built-in or intrinsic measurements of 
predictor importance and have been discussed in previous chapters. For exam- 
ple, MARS and many tree-based models monitor the increase in performance 
that occurs when adding each predictor to the model. Others, such as linear 
regression or logistic regression can use quantifications based on the model 
coefficients or statistical measures (such as f-statistics). The methodologies 
discussed in this chapter are not specific to any predictive model. If an ef 
fective model has been created, the scores derived from that model are likely 
to be more reliable than the methodologies discussed in this chapter because 
they are directly connected to the model. 
In this chapter, the notion of variable importance is taken to mean an 
overall quantification of the relationship between the predictor and out- 
come. Most of the methodologies discussed cannot inform the modeler as 
to the nature of the relationship, such as “increasing the predictor results 
in a decrease in the outcome.” Such detailed characterizations can only re- 
sult from models having precise parametric forms such as linear or logistic 
regression, multivariate adaptive regression splines, and a few others. For 
example, Sect. 8.5 discussed variable importance scores for random forest. In 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 463 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_18, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

464 18 Measuring Predictor Importance 
essence, this measurement of predictor relevance is derived by permuting each 
predictor individually and assessing the loss in performance when the effect 
of the predictor is negated. In this case, a substantial drop in performance is 
indicative of an important predictor. While this can be an effective approach, 
it does not enlighten the modeler as to the exact form of the relationship. 
Despite this, these measurements can be useful for guiding the user to focus 
more closely on specific predictors via visualizations and other means. 
Many variable importance scores are specific to the type of data. For exam- 
ple, techniques for numeric outcomes may not be appropriate for categorical 
outcomes. This chapter is divided based on the nature of the outcome. Sec- 
tion 18.1 discusses techniques for numeric outcomes and Sect. 18.2 focuses on 
categorical outcomes. Finally, Sect. 18.3 discussed more general approaches to 
the problem. Several examples from previous chapters are used to illustrate 
the techniques. 
18.1 Numeric Outcomes 
For numeric predictors, the classic approach to quantifying each relationship 
with the outcome uses the sample correlation statistic. This quantity mea- 
sures linear associations; if the relationship is nearly linear or curvilinear, then 
Spearman’s correlation coefficient (Sect.5.1) may be more effective. These 
metrics should be considered rough estimates of the relationship and may 
not be effective for more complex relationships. 
For example, the QSAR data used in the previous regression chapters 
contained a number of numeric predictors. Figure 18.1 shows scatter plots 
of two predictors and the outcome. The relationship between solubility and 
number of carbon atoms is relatively linear and straightforward. The simple 
correlation was estimated to be —0.61 and the rank correlation was —0.67. 
For the surface area predictor, the situation is more complicated. There is a 
group of compounds with low surface area and, for these compounds, solubil- 
ity is also low. The remainder of the compounds have higher solubility up to 
a point, after which there is a marginal trend. This could be a valuable piece 
of information to the modeler and would not be captured by the correlation 
statistic. For this predictor, simple correlation was estimated to be 0.27 and 
the rank correlation was 0.14. These values are relatively low and would rank 
accordingly low (17th out of 20 predictors). 
An alternative is to use more flexible methods that may be capable of 
modeling general nonlinear relationships. One such technique is the locally 
weighted regression model (known more commonly as LOESS) of Cleveland 
and Devlin (1988). This technique is based on a series polynomial regressions 
that model the data in small neighborhoods (similar to computing a mov- 
ing average). The approach can be effective at creating smooth regression 
trends that are extremely adaptive. The red lines in Fig. 18.1 are the LOESS 

18.1 Numeric Outcomes 465 
Solubility 
0 5 10 ik) 20 
Fig. 18.1: Scatter plots for two numeric predictors (on transformed scales) 
for the solubility data. The red lines are smoother model fits 
smoother fits. From the model fit, a pseudo-R? statistic can be calculated 
derived from the residuals. For the solubility data shown in Fig. 18.1, the 
LOESS pseudo-R? for the surface area was 0.22, which ranks higher (7th out 
of 20) than the correlation scores. 
Figure 18.2 shows the relationship between importance scores for all of the 
continuous predictors. The third metric, the maximal information coefficient 
(MIC), is discussed in Sect. 18.3. The rank correlation and LOESS pseudo- 
R? tend to give the same results, with the exception of two surface area 
predictors. Both methods reflect three distinct clusters of predictors, based 
on their ranks: a set of four high scoring predictors (two significantly overlap 
in the plot), a set of moderately important predictors, and another set of very 
low importance. The only inconsistency between the methods is that the two 
surface area predictors score higher using LOESS than the other methods. 
These predictors are shown as red squares in the image. 
Each of these techniques evaluates each predictor without considering the 
others. This can be potentially misleading in two ways. First, if two predic- 
tors are highly correlated with the response and with each other, then the 
univariate approach will identify both as important. As we have seen, some 
models will be negatively impacted by including this redundant information. 
Pre-processing approaches such as removing highly correlated predictors can 
alleviate this problem. Second, the univariate importance approach will fail 
to identify groups of predictors that together have a strong relationship with 
the response. For example, two predictors may not be highly correlated with 
the response; however, their interaction may be. Univariate correlations will 
not capture this predictive relationship. A sensible strategy would be to fur- 
ther explore these aspects of the predictors instead of using the rankings as 
the sole method for understanding the underlying trends. Knowing which 
relationship to explore often requires expert knowledge about the data. 

466 . 18 Measuring Predictor Importance 
0.30 0.40 
0 
0.30 
0.25 
0.20 
04 020304 
0.3 
0.2 LOESS 92 
0.4 
0.0 
Correlation0.3 
0.2 
hO 02 0.1 
0 
0.6 0.40.50.6 
0.5 
Os Sorrelation 
0.3 
0.2 
0.10.20.3 0.1 
Scatter Plot Matrix 
Fig. 18.2: A scatter plot matrix importance metrics for the 20 continuous 
predictors in the solubility data. The two surface area predictors are shown 
as red squares 
When the predictors are categorical, different methodologies are required. 
In the solubility data, there were 208 fingerprint predictors, which are 
indicator variables representing particular atomic structures in the com- 
pound. The most straightforward method for determining the relevance of 
each binary predictor is to evaluate whether the average outcome in each 
category is different. Consider fingerprint FP175; the difference between the 
mean solubility value with and without the structure is —0.002. Given that 
solubility ranges from —11.6 to 1.6, this is likely to be negligible. On the other 
hand, fingerprint FP044 has a difference of —4.1 log units. This is larger but 
on its own may not be informative. The variability in the data should also 
be considered. 
The most natural method for comparing the mean of two groups is 
the standard t-statistic, which is essentially a signal-to-noise ratio (the differ- 
ence in means is divided by a function of the variabilities in the groups). A 
p-value can be produced by this procedure where the null hypothesis is that 
there is no difference between the groups. The assumption for the statistic 

18.1 Numeric Outcomes 467 
—4 -3 -2 -1 0 1 2 
Mean With Structure — Mean Without Structure 
Fig. 18.3: A volcano plot of the t-test results applied to the fingerprint pre- 
dictors. The red square is fingerprint FP044 (which has the largest difference 
in means) while the blue triangle is fingerprint FP076 and is the most statis- 
tically significant 
is that the data are normally distributed. If this assumption is unlikely to 
be true, other methods (such as the Wilcoxon rank sum test) may be more 
appropriate. 
For each of the 208 fingerprint predictors, a t-test was used. Instead of 
solely relying on the p-value, Fig. 18.3 shows a volcano plot where a trans- 
formed version of the p-value is shown on the y-axis and the difference in solu- 
bility means is shown on the x-axis. Higher values of the y-axis are indicative 
of strong statistical significance (i.e., low p-value). Most of the mean differ- 
ences are negative, indicating that solubility tends to be higher without the 
structure. FP044 has the largest difference (and is shown as a red square). 
However, this difference is not the most statistically significant. Fingerprint 
FP076 is the most statistically significant (shown as a blue triangle) and has a 
difference in means of —2.3 log units. As previously mentioned, the t-statistic 
is a signal-to-noise ratio. While fingerprint FP044 has the largest signal, it also 
has appreciable variability which diminishes its significance. This is reflected 
in the 95% confidence intervals for the mean differences: (3.6, 4.7) for FP044 
and (2.1, 2.6) for fingerprint FP076. Which predictor is more important de- 
pends on the context and the particular data set. If the signal is large enough, 
the model may be able to overcome the noise. In other cases, smaller but more 
precise differences may generate better performance. 
When the predictor has more than two values, an analysis of variance 
(ANOVA) model can be used to characterize the statistical significance of the 
predictors. However, if the means of the categories are found to be different, 
the natural next step is to discover which are different. For this reason, it may 

468 18 Measuring Predictor Importance 
be helpful to decompose the categories into multiple binary dummy variables 
and apply the procedure outlined above to determine the relevance of each 
category. 
18.2 Categorical Outcomes 
With categorical outcomes and numeric predictors, there are several 
approaches to quantifying the importance of the predictor. The image seg- 
mentation data from Chap. 3 will be used to illustrate the techniques. Figure 
18.4 shows histograms of two predictors (the fiber width for channel 1 and 
the spot fiber count for channel 4) for each class. Fiber width shows a shift in 
the average values between the classes while the spot fiber count distribution 
appears very similar between classes. 
One approach when there are two classes is to use the area under the ROC 
curve to quantify predictor relevance. Sections 11.3 and 16.4 utilized the ROC 
curve with predicted class probabilities as inputs. Here, we use the predictor 
data as inputs into the ROC curve. If the predictor could perfectly separate 
the classes, there would be a cutoff for the predictor that would achieve a 
sensitivity and specificity of 1 and the area under the curve would be one. 
As before, a completely irrelevant predictor would have an area under the 
curve of approximately 0.5. Figure 18.5 shows the area under the curve for 
the fiber width and spot fiber count predictors. The area under the ROC 
1 
_FiberWidthCh1 
Percent of Total 
Fig. 18.4: Histograms for two predictors in the cell segmentation data, 
separated for each class 

18.2 Categorical Outcomes 469 
Sensitivity 
—— Fiber Width 
—— Spot Fiber Count 
I i I 
1.0 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 0.0 
Specificity 
Fig. 18.5: ROC curves for two predictors in the cell segmentation data 
curve for the fiber width data was 0.836 while the value for the spot fiber 
count was 0.538. This echoes the trends seen in Fig. 18.4 where the fiber width 
showed more separation between classes. 
When there are multiple classes, the extensions of ROC curves described 
by Hanley and McNeil (1982), DeLong et al. (1988), Venkatraman (2000), 
and Pepe et al. (2009) can also be used. Alternatively, a set of “one versus 
all” ROC curves can be created by lumping all but one of the classes together. 
In this way, there would be a separate AUC for each class and the overall 
relevance can be quantified using the average or maximum AUC across the 
classes. 
Another, more simplistic approach is to test if the mean values of predictors 
within each class are different. This is similar to the technique described in 
the previous section, but, in this context, the predictor is being treated as 
the outcome. Volcano plots cannot be used since the each of the differences 
may be on different scales. However, the t-statistics can be used to compare 
the predictors on different scales. For the fiber width, the ¢-statistic value 
was —19, indicating a clear signal above the noise. The signal was much 
weaker for the spot fiber count, with a value of 3. 
For the segmentation data, the 58 continuous predictors were evaluated 
using each of these methods along with the random forest variable importance 
score and two methods that are described in Sect. 18.3 (MIC and Relief). 
The methods are roughly concordant (Fig. 18.6). The area under the ROC 
curve shows a tight, curvilinear relationship with the random forest score and 
a strong linear relationship with the t-statistic. The t-statistic and random 

470 | 18 Measuring Predictor Importance 
Channel1 @ Channel3 & 
Channel 2, @ Channel4 @ 
DO 01 02 oA ae 2 oe I | 0.0 =| 
| a | a 
= - Ligas: wabats = 
e e e a 
2A - jie G40 « fee °@ Relief ®ee 
ry s is é 0.05 + ae 
e@ @ 
0000.05 °° 71% e @ 
a i] a 
40 20 30 40 
~ Random 
° ee 20 Forest 20 
Scatter Plot Matrix 
Fig. 18.6: A scatter plot matrix of several different metrics for ranking pre- 
dictors with the image segmentation data set 
forest appear to rank the same predictors as less important, but there are 
differences in the scores for those quantified as most important. Three pre- 
dictors tend to be ranked very highly across the methods: average intensity 
(channel 2), fiber width (channel 1), and total intensity (channel 2). 
When the predictor is categorical, there are several metrics that may be 
appropriate. For binary predictors and two classes, one effective method for 
measuring the relevance is the odds ratio. Recall that the odds of a probability 
are p(1 — p). The probability of an event can be calculated for both levels of 

18.2 Categorical Outcomes 471 
Table 18.1: Statistics for three binary categorical predictors in the grant data 
e 
Grant success 
Yes No % OR p-value Gain ratio 
Sponsor 
62B ri 44 14 
Other 3226 3356 49 6.0 2.6e-° 0.04726 
CVB 
Band unknown 644 207s 24 
Band known 2589 1325 66 6.3 1.7e7°™. 0.13408 
REFCD code 
240302 12 15 46 
Other code 3220 3385 49 1.1 85e " 0.00017 
the predictor. If these are denoted as p,; and po, the odds ratio (Bland and 
Altman 2000; Agresti 2002) is 
pi(l — po) Re 
p2(1 — pi) 
and represents the increase in the odds of the event when going from the first 
level of the predictor to the other. 
To illustrate this approach, the grant application data from previous 
chapters is used. For these data there are 226 binary predictors with at least 
25 entries in each cell of the 2 x 2 table between the predictor and outcome. 
Table 18.1 shows cross tabulations for three predictors in the grant data. 
For contract value band, the probability of grant success is determined when 
the band is known (p; = 0.661) and unknown (pz = 0.237). The correspond- 
ing odds ratio is 6.3, meaning that there is more than a sixfold increase in the 
odds of success when the band is known. As with the discussion on the differ- 
ences in means, the odds ratio only reflects the signal, not the noise. Although 
there are formulas for calculating the confidence interval for the odds ratio, 
a more common approach is to conduct a statistical hypothesis test that 
the odds ratio is equal to one (i.e., equal odds between the predictor levels). 
When there are two categories and two values for the predictor, Fisher’s ex- 
act test (Agresti 2002) can be used to evaluate this hypothesis and can be 
summarized by the resulting p-value. For this predictor, the p-value was effec- 
tively zero, which indicates that levels of contract value band are related to 
grant success. Table 18.1 shows another predictor for Sponsor 62B that has 
a similar odds ratio (OR = 6), but the number of grants with this sponsor is 
very low. Here, the p-value was still small but would be ranked much lower 

A472 18 Measuring Predictor Importance 
Log Odds Ratio 
Fig. 18.7: The log odds ratio plotted against two other statistics. Left: a 
function of the p-values from Fisher’s exact test is shown. The largest value 
in the data is 263; this image truncates at 50 to preserve the perspective. 
Right: The gain ratio for each predictor. The red square is the predictor for 
sponsor 62B and the blue triangle is for unknown contract value band 
using statistical significance. The left-hand panel of Fig. 18.7 shows a volcano 
plot for the odds ratio and the corresponding p-value for 226 binary grant 
predictors. 
When there are more than two classes or the predictors have more than two 
levels, other methods can be applied. Fisher’s exact test can still be used to 
measure the association between the predictor and the classes. Alternatively, 
the gain ratio used for C4.5 can be applied to quantify relationship between 
two variables, where larger is better. Recall that the gain ratio adjusts for 
the number of levels in the predictor to remove the bias against attributes 
with few levels. For this reason, the information gain can be applied to all 
categorical predictors, irrespective of their characteristics. Table 18.1 shows 
the information gain for three of the grant predictors and Fig. 18.7 contrasts 
the gain statistics versus the odds ratio. Like the p-value for Fisher’s exact 
test, the gain statistics favor the contract value band predictor over the one 
for Sponsor 62B, despite the similarities in their odds ratio. 
18.3 Other Approaches 
The Relief algorithm (Kira and Rendell 1992) is a generic method for 
quantifying predictor importance. It was originally developed for classifi- 
cation problems with two classes but has been extended to work across a 

18.3 Other Approaches 473 
1 Initialize the predictor scores 5; to zero 
2 fori =1...m randomly selected training set samples (R;) do 
3 Find the nearest miss and hit in the training set 
4 for j =1...p predictor variables do 
5 Adjust the score for each predictor based on the proximity of 
R; to the nearest miss and hit: 
6 S; = 8; — dif f;(R;, Hit)?/m + dif f;(R;, Miss)? /m 
% end 
8 end 
Algorithm 18.1: The original Relief algorithm for ranking predictor 
variables in classification models with two classes 
wider range of problems. It can accommodate continuous predictors as well 
as dummy variables and can recognize nonlinear relationships between the 
predictors and the outcome. It uses random selected points and their nearest 
neighbors to evaluate each predictor in isolation. 
For a particular predictor, the score attempts to characterize the separa- 
tion between the classes in isolated sections of the data. Algorithm 18.1 shows 
the procedure. 
For a randomly selected training set sample, the algorithm finds the nearest 
samples from both classes (called the “hits” and “misses”). For each predictor, 
a measure of difference in the predictor’s values is calculated between the 
random data point and the hits and misses. For continuous predictors, Kira 
and Rendell (1992) suggested the distance between the two points be divided 
by the overall range of the predictor: 
diff(x, y) = (% — y)/C 
where C’ is a constant for the predictor that scales the difference to be between 
0 and 1. For binary (i.e., 0/1) data, a simple indicator for equivalence can 
be used: 
diff (x,y) = |a — y| 
so that these values are also between 0 and 1. 
The overall score (S;) is an accumulation of these differences such that the 
score is decreased if the hit is far away from the randomly selected value but 
is increased if the miss is far away. The idea is that a predictor that shows a 
separation between the classes should have hits nearby and missed far away. 
Given this, larger scores are indicative of important predictors. 
For example, Fig. 18.8 presents a set of data for several predictors. The top 
panel shows a predictor that completely separates the classes. Suppose the 
sampling procedure selects the second to last sample on the left-hand side 

474 18 Measuring Predictor Importance 
Class 1 @ Class2 @ 
—1.0 -0.5 0.0 05 1.0 
Predictor A 
-—1.5 -1.0 -0.5 0.0 0.5 10 15 
Predictor B 
Fig. 18.8: Three data sets that illustrate the Relief algorithm. In the top panel, 
predictor A shows complete separation with a ReliefF score of 0.19. The middle 
panel shows a completely non-informative predictor with a corresponding 
ReliefF score of 0 
(predictor A = —1.1). The nearest hit is on either side of this data point, with 
a difference of approximately 0.2 (we'll forgo the constant here). The nearest 
miss is far away (A = 0.5) with a corresponding difference of —1.61. If this 
were the first randomly selected training set point, the score would be 
Sa = 00.2? + 161" = 955 
This value would be divided by m and new values would be accumulated. As a 
counter example, predictor B in Fig. 18.8 is completely non-informative. Each 
hit and miss is adjacent to any randomly selected sample, so the differences 
will always offset each other and the score for this predictor is Sp = 0. 
This procedure was subsequently improved by Kononenko (1994). The mod- 
ified algorithm, called ReliefF, uses more than a single nearest neighbor, uses 
a modified difference metric, and allows for more than two classes as well as 
missing predictor values. Additionally, Robnik-Sikonja and Kononenko (1997) 
adapted the algorithm for regression (i.e., numeric outcomes). 
The bottom panel of Fig. 18.9 illustrates an hypothetical data set with 
two classes and two correlated predictors (denoted as C and D). The class 
boundary was created using a simple logistic regression model equation with 
two strong main effects and a moderate interaction effect: 

18.3 Other Approaches 475 
Predictor D 
0.0 0.1 0.2 0.3 
Percent of Total 
T T I —_—— 
0.2 0.3 
Relief Score 
Fig. 18.9: Top: two predictors with distinct class boundary. In this example, 
the ReliefF scores for predictors C' and D are 0.17 and 0.25, respectively. Bot- 
tom: the permutation distribution of the scores when there is no relationship 
between the predictors and the classes. The dashed lines indicate the observed 
ReliefF scores 
los ( se }- 1010 Lop 1-7 
The data shown in Fig. 18.9 were simulated with this class boundary. For these 
data, a logistic regression model was able to achieve a cross-validated accuracy 
rate of 90.6%. Knowing the true model equation, both predictors should 
be quantified as being important. Since there is an interaction effect in the 
model equation, one would expect the ReliefF algorithm to show a larger 
signal than other methods that only consider a single predictor at a time. 
For these data, the ReliefF algorithm was used with m = 50 random samples 
and k = 10-nearest neighbors. The two predictors were centered and scaled 

476 18 Measuring Predictor Importance 
prior to running the algorithm. The scores for predictors Cand D were 0.17 
and 0.25, respectively. The areas under the ROC curves for predictors C and 
D were moderate, with values of 0.65 and 0.69, respectively. 
What cutoff for these scores should be used? Kira and Rendell (1992) 
suggest that a threshold “can be much smaller than 1/./am,” where a is the 
desired false-positive rate (i.e., the percent of time that an irrelevant predictor 
is judged to be important). Using this yardstick with a 5% false positive rate, 
values greater than 0.63 may be considered important. Another alternative is 
to use a well-established statistical method called a permutation test (Good 
2000) to evaluate the scores. Here, the true class labels are randomly shuffled 
and the ReliefF scores are recalculated many times. This should provide some 
sense of the distribution of the scores when the predictor has no relevance. 
From this, the observed score can be contrasted against this distribution to 
characterize how extreme it is relative to the assumption that the predictor 
is not relevant. Using 500 random permutations of the data, the distributions 
of the scores for predictors C’ and D resembled normally distributed data 
(Fig. 18.9). For predictor C, the score values ranged from —0.05 to 0.11, 
while for predictor D, the range was —0.05 to 0.11. In this context, the two 
observed values for the data in Fig.18.9 are indicative of very important 
predictors. Given the symmetric, normally distributed shapes of the random 
permutations, it can be determined that the scores for predictors C’ and D 
are 4.5 and 11.6 standard deviations away from what should be expected by 
chance. Given how extreme the scores are, the conclusion would be that both 
predictors are important factors for separating the classes. 
For the cell segmentation data, Fig. 18.6 shows the ReliefF scores for each 
predictor. These values are moderately correlated with the other metrics but 
show larger variability in the relationships. For example, the area under the 
ROC curve shows less noise in the relationships with the other metrics. This 
may be due to the metrics measuring different aspects of the data or may be 
due to the random sampling used by ReliefF. 
Reshef et al. (2011) describe a new metric to quantify the relationship 
between two variables called the MIC. Their method partitions the two- 
dimensional area defined by the predictor and outcome into sets of two- 
dimensional grids. For example, Fig. 18.10 shows the scatter plot of the solu- 
bility data where four random 4 x 3 grids are created for the number of carbon 
atoms predictor. Within each grid, the number of data points is calculated 
and used to compute the mutual information statistic (Brillinger 2004), which 
is related to the information criteria described in Chap. 14 for C4.5 and C5.0 
decision trees. Many different configurations of the same grid size are evalu- 
ated and the largest mutual information value is determined. This process is 
repeated for many different grid sizes (e.g., 2x 2, 10 x 3). The compendium of 
mutual information values across all the bins are normalized and the largest 
value across all the bin configurations is used as the strength of association 
between the predictor and the outcome. 

18.3 Other Approaches A477 
Solubility 
1 2 6} 4 5 6 
Number of Carbon Atoms 
Fig. 18.10: Examples of how the maximal information criterion (MIC) is 
created. Each panel shows a random configuration of 4 x 3 grids for one 
of the solubility predictors with the corresponding the mutual information 
statistic 
The authors demonstrate that this method can detect many types of 
relationships, such as sin waves, ellipses, and other highly nonlinear pat- 
terns. The metric has a similar scale to the simple correlation statistic where 
a value of zero indicates no relationship, whereas a value of one is indicative 
of an extremely strong relationship. One potential issue with such a general 
technique is that it may not do as well as others under some circumstances. 
For example, if the true relationship between the predictor and outcome were 
linear, the simple correlation statistic may perform better since it is specific 
to linear trends. 
The MIC statistic was previously shown in Fig. 18.1 for the continuous 
solubility predictors. Here, the MIC values have a strong relationship with 
the other metrics. For the cell segmentation data shown in Fig. 18.6, the MIC 
statistic has a strong correlation with the absolute ¢-statistics, the area under 
the ROC curve, and random forest scores. There is smaller correlation with 
ReliefF. 

478 18 Measuring Predictor Importance 
18.4 Computing 
This section uses functions from the following R packages: AppliedPredictive- 
Modeling, caret, CORElearn, minerva, pROC, and randomForest. 
The cell segmentation data from Chap.3 are used and can be found in 
the caret package. The solubility data from Chaps.6 through 9 are also used 
and can be found in the AppliedPredictiveModeling package. Finally, the grant 
application data from Chaps. 12 through 15 are also used (see Sect. 12.7 for 
reading and processing these data). 
Numeric Outcomes 
To estimate the correlations between the predictors and the outcome, the cor 
function is used. For example, 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(solubility) 
> cor(solTrainxtrans$NumCarbon, solTrainyY) 
[1] -0.6067917 
To get results for all of the numeric predictors, the apply function can be 
used to make the same calculations across many columns 
## Determine which columns have the string "FP" in the name and 
## exclude these to get the numeric predictors 
fpCols<- grepl("FP", names(solTrainxtrans) ) 
## Exclude these to get the numeric predictor names 
numericPreds <- names(solTrainxtrans) [!fpCols] VON NEW 
corrValues <- apply(solTrainxtrans[, numericPreds], 
MARGIN = 2, 
FUN = function (x.y) (cor (Gos 
y = solTrainY) 
V+t++yv head (corrValues) 
MolWeight NumAtoms NumNonHAtoms NumBonds NumNonHBonds 
-0.6585284 -0.4358113 -0.5836236 -0.4590395 -0.5851968 
NumMultBonds 
-0.4804159 
The obtain the rank correlation, the corr function has an option 
method = "spearman". 
The LOESS smoother can be accessed with the loess function in the stats 
library. The formula method is used to specify the model: 
> smoother <- loess(solTrainY ~ solTrainXtrans$NumCarbon) 
> smoother 

18.4 Computing 479 
Call: 
loess(formula = solTrainY ~ solTrainXtrans$NumCarbon) 
Number of Observations: 951 
Equivalent Number of Parameters: 5.3 
Residual Standard Error: 1.548 
The lattice function xyplot is convenient for displaying the LOESS fit: 
> xyplot(solTrainY ~ solTrainXtrans$NumCarbon, 
i type = c("p", "smooth"), 
+t xlab = "# Carbons", 
# ylab = "Solubility") 
The caret function filterVarImp with the nonpara = TRUE option (for nonpara- 
metric regression) creates a LOESS model for each predictor and quantifies 
the relationship with the outcome: 
| > loessResults <- filterVarImp(x = solTrainXtrans[, numericPreds], 
te Vo = solinadmys 
nonpara = TRUE) 
> head(loessResults) 
Overall 
MolWeight 0.4443931 
NumAtoms 0.1899315 
NumNonHAtoms 0.3406166 
NumBonds OO TES} 
NumNonHBonds 0.3424552 
NumMultBonds 0.2307995 
The minerva package can be used to calculate the MIC statistics between 
the predictors and outcomes. The mine function computes several quantities 
including the MIC value: 
> library (minerva) 
> micValues <- mine(solTrainXtrans[, numericPreds], solTrainY) 
> ## Several statistics are calculated 
> names (micValues) 
[1] "MIC" "MAS" "MEV" "MCN" "MICR2" 
head (micValues$MIC) Vv 
NE 
MolWeight 0.4679277 
NumAtoms 0.2896815 
NumNonHAtoms 0.3947092 
NumBonds 0.3268683 
NumNonHBonds 0.3919627 
NumMultBonds 0.2792600 
For categorical predictors, the simple t.test function computes the differ- 
ence in means and the p-value. For one predictor: 

480 18 Measuring Predictor Importance 
> t.test(solTrainY ~ solTrainXtrans$FP044) 
Welch Two Sample t-test 
data: solTrainY by solTrainXtrans$FP044 
t = 15.1984, df = 61.891, p-value < 2.2e-16 
alternative hypothesis: true difference in means is not equal to 0 
95 percent confidence interval: 
3.569300 4.650437 
sample estimates: 
mean in group O mean in group 1 
-2.472237 -6.582105 
This approach can be extended to all predictors using apply in a manner 
similar to the one shown above for correlations. 
> 
a 
+ 
+ 
+ 
+ 
2 
+ 
~ 
+ 
> 
> 
> getTstats <- function(x, y) 
{ 
tTest <- t.test(y~x) 
out <- c(tStat = tTest$statistic, p = tTest$p. value) 
out 
d; 
tVals <- apply(solTrainxtrans[, fpCols], 
MARGIN = 2, 
FUN = getTstats, 
y = solTrainyY) 
## switch the dimensions 
tVals <- t(tVals) 
head(tVals) 
tStat.t Pp 
FPOO1 -4.022040 6.287404e-05 
FPOO2 10.286727 1.351580e-23 
FPO03 -2.036442 4.198619e-02 
FPO04 -4.948958 9.551772e-07 
FPOO5 10.282475 1.576549e-23 
FPO06 -7.875838 9.287835e-15 Or oO FF OD 
Categorical Outcomes 
The filterVarImp function also calculates the area under the ROC curve when 
the outcome variable is an R factor variable: 
NOE UNE ON ON: library(caret) 
data(segmentationData) 
cellData <- subset(segmentationData, Case == "Train") 
cellData$Case <- cellData$Cell <- NULL 
## The class is in the first column 
head (names (cellData) ) 
[iata| onlay "AngleChi" "AreaChi" "AvgIntenChi" 
[5] "AvgIntenCh2" "AvgIntenCh3" 

18.4 Computing 481 
> rocValues <- filterVarImp(x = cellData[,-1], 
ze y = cellData$Class) 
> ## Column is created for ea¢h class 
> head(rocValues) 
PS WS 
AngleChi 0.5025967 0.5025967 
AreaChi 0.5709170 0.5709170 
AvgIntenChi 0.7662375 0.7662375 
AvgIntenCh2 0.7866146 0.7866146 
AvgIntenCh3 0.5214098 0.5214098 
AvgIntenCh4 0.6473814 0.6473814 
This is a simple wrapper for the functions roc and auc in the pROC package. 
When there are three or more classes, filterVarImp will compute ROC curves 
for each class versus the others and then returns the largest area under the 
curve. , 
The Relief statistics can be calculated using the CORElearn package. 
The function attrEval will calculate several versions of Relief (using the 
estimator option): 
> library (CORElearn) 
> reliefValues <- attrEval(Class ~ ., data = cellData, 
at ## There are many Relief methods 
+ ## available. See ?attrEval 
fe estimator = "RelietFequalk”, 
tf ## The number of instances tested: 
+ ReliefIterations = 50) 
> head(reliefValues) 
AngleCh1 AreaChi AvgIntenChi AvgIntenCh2 AvgIntenCh3 AvgIntenCh4 
0.01631332 0.02004060 0.09402596 0.17200400 0.09268398 0.02672168 
This function can also be used to calculate the gain ratio, Gini index, 
and other scores. To use a permutation approach to investigate the observed 
values of the ReliefF statistic, the AppliedPredictiveModeling package has a 
function permuteRelief: 
> perm <- permuteRelief(x = cellData[,-1], 
+ y = cellDatag$Class, 
+ nperm = 500, 
+ 
- estimator = "ReliefFequalk”, 
ReliefIterations = 50) 
The permuted ReliefF scores are contained in a sub-object called permutations: 
> head (perm$permutations) 
Predictor value 
AngleChi -0.009364024 
AngleChi 0.011170669 
AngleChi -0.020425694 
AngleChi -0.037133238 
AngleChi 0.005334315 
AngleChi 0.010394028 OnPWNeE 

482 18 Measuring Predictor Importance 
The permutation distributions for the ReliefF scores can be helpful. His- 
tograms, such as those show in Fig.18.9, can be created with the syntax: 
> histogram(~ value/Predictor, 
+ data = perm$permutations) 
Also, the standardized versions of the scores are in the sub-object called 
standardized and represent the number of standard deviations that the ob- 
served ReliefF values (i.e., without permuting) are from the center of the 
permuted distribution: 
> head (perm$standardized) 
AngleCh1 AreaChi AvgIntenChi AvgIntenCh2 AvgIntenCh3 AvgIntenCh4 
-1.232653 3.257958 3.765691 8.300906 4.054288 1.603847 
The MIC statistic can be computed as before but with a binary dummy 
variable encoding of the classes: 
> micValues <- mine(x = cellData[,-1], 
+ y = ifelse(cellData$Class == "PS", 1, 0)) 
> 
> head (micValues$MIC) 
¥ 
AngleCh1 0.1310570 
AreaCh1i 0.1080839 
AvgIntenCh1 0.2920461 
AvgIntenCh2 0.3294846 
AvgIntenCh3 0.1354438 
AvgIntenCh4 0.1665450 
To compute the odds ratio and a statistical test of association, the 
fisher.test function in the stats library can be applied. For example, to 
calculate these statistics for the grant objects created in Sect. 12.7: 
Vv Sp62BTable <- table(training[pre2008, "Sponsor62B"], 
training[pre2008, "Class"]) 
> Sp62BTable 
successful unsuccessful 
0 3226 3356 
1 7 44 
> fisher.test (Sp62BTable) 
Fisher's Exact Test for Count Data 
data: Sp62BTable 
p-value = 2.644e-07 
alternative hypothesis: true odds ratio is not equal to 1 
95 percent confidence interval: 
2.694138 15.917729 
sample estimates: 
odds ratio 
6.040826 

18.4 Computing 483 
When the predictor has more than two classes, a single odds ratio cannot be 
computed, but the p-value for association can still be utilized: 
> ciTable <- table(training[pre2008, "CI.1950"], 
+ training[pre2008, "Class"]) 
> ciTable 
successful unsuccessful 
0 2704 2899 
al 476 455 
2 45 39 
3 if a 
4 1 0 
> fisher.test(ciTable) 
Fisher's Exact Test for Count Data 
data: ciTable 
p-value = 0.3143 
alternative hypothesis: two.sided 
In some cases, Fisher’s exact test may be computationally prohibitive. 
In these cases, the y? test for association can be computed: 
> DayTable <- table(training[pre2008, "Weekday"], 
ar training[pre2008, "Class"]) 
> DayTable 
successful unsuccessful 
Fri 542 880 
Mon 634 455 
Sat 615 861 
Sun 223 0 
Thurs 321 246 
Tues Sie 309 
Wed 521 649 
> chisq.test (DayTable) 
Pearson's Chi-squared test 
data: DayTable 
X-squared = 400.4766, df = 6, p-value < 2.2e-16 
Model-Based Importance Scores 
As described in the previous chapters, many models have built-in approaches 
for measuring the aggregate effect of the predictors on the model. The caret 
package contains a general class for calculating or returning these values. 
As of this writing, there are methods for 27 R classes, including: C5.0, JRip, 
PART, RRF, RandomForest, bagEarth, classbagg, cubist, dsa, earth, fda, gam, gbm, 
glm, glmnet, 1m, multinom, mvr, nnet, pamrtrained, plsda, randomForest, regbagg, 
rfe, rpart, sbf, and train. 
To illustrate, a random forest model was fit to the cell segmentation data: 

484 18 Measuring Predictor Importance 
> library (randomForest) 
> set.seed(791) 
> rfImp <- randomForest(Class ~ ., data = segTrain, 
+ ntree = 2000, 
+ importance = TRUE) 
The randomForest package contains a function called importance that 
returns the relevant metric. The varImp function standardizes across models: 
> head(varImp(rfImp)) 
PS WS 
AngleCh1 -1.002852 -1.002852 
AreaCh1 8.769884 8.769884 
AvgIntenChi 21.460666 21.460666 
AvgIntenCh2 22.377451 22.377451 
AvgIntenCh3 7.690371 7.690371 
AvgIntenCh4 9.108741 9.108741 
Note that some models return a separate score for each class while others 
do not. 
When using the train function, the varImp function executes the 
appropriate code based on the value of the method argument. When the model 
does not have a built-in function for measuring importances, train employs 
a more general approach (as described above). 
Exercises 
18.1. For the churn data described in Exercise 12.3: 
(a) Calculate the correlations between predictors. Are there strong relation- 
ships between these variables? How does this compare to what one would 
expect with these attributes? 
(b) Assess the importance of the categorical predictors (i.e., area code, voice 
mail plan, etc) individually using the training set. 
(c) Also estimate the importance scores of the continuous predictors individ- 
ually. 
(d) Now use ReliefF to jointly estimate the importance of the predictors. Is 
there a difference in rankings? Why or why not? 
18.2. For the oil type data described in Exercise 4.4, estimate variable impor- 
tance scores. Does the large number of classes affect the process of quantifying 
the importances? 
18.3. The UCI Abalone data (http: //archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets /Abalone) 
consist of data from 4,177 abalones. The data contain measurements of the 
type (male, female, and infant), the longest shell measurement, the diameter, 

18.4 Computing 485 
height, and several weights (whole, shucked, viscera, and shell). The outcome 
is the number of rings. The age of the abalone is the number of rings plus 1.5. 
The data are contained in the AppliedPredictiveModeling package: 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(abalone) 
> str(abalone) 
'data.frame': 4177 obs. of 9 variables: 
$ Type R ineveonp wih S) areniciley Wis iM VICMie ei ss al Sh By oy il al} al 
$ LongestShell : num 0.455 0.35 0.53 0.44 0.33 0.425 0.53 0.545 ... 
$ Diameter 2 num (OFS65) (02265 0742 OF 36502255 1023 07415 05425 
$ Height > num) Ss ORO9S OS09N OE 1TS5s O25" 02 08) 02095) 0b 15 s0L125 
$ WholeWeight : num 0.514 0.226 0.677 0.516 0.205 ... 
$ ShuckedWeight: num 0.2245 0.0995 0.2565 0.2155 0.0895 
$ VisceraWeight: num 0.101 0.0485 0.1415 0.114 0.0395 
$ ShellWeight : num 0.15 0.07 0.21 0.155 0.055 0.12 0.33 0.26 
$ Rings 2 alae: ill) 1 S) alle) 7 f2} Bo) GHG} &) al) 5 5 
> head (abalone) 
Type LongestShell Diameter Height WholeWeight ShuckedWeight 
1 M 0.455 0.365 0.095 0.5140 0.2245 
2 M 0.350 0.265 0.090 0.2255 0.0995 
3 F 0.530 0.420 0.135 0.6770 0.2565 
4 M 0.440 0.365 0.125 0.5160 0.2155 
5 ab 0.330 0.255 0.080 0.2050 0.0895 
6 I 0.425 0.300 0.095 0.3515 0.1410 
VisceraWeight ShellWeight Rings 
il 0.1010 0.150 15 
2 0.0485 0.070 if 
3 0.1415 0.210 9 
4 0.1140 0.155 10 
5 0.0395 0.055 7 
6 0.0775 0.120 8 
(a) Plot the data to assess the functional relationships between the predictors 
and the outcome. 
(b) Use scatter plots and correlation plots to understand how the predictors 
relate to one another. 
(c) Estimate variable importance scores for each predictor. Develop an 
approach to determining a reduced set of nonredundant predictors. 
(d) Apply principal component analysis to the continuous predictors to 
determine how many distinct underlying pieces of information are in the 
data. Would feature extraction help these data? 


Chapter 19 
An Introduction to Feature Selection 
Determining which predictors should be included in a model is becom- 
ing one of the most critical questions as data are becoming increasingly 
high-dimensional. For example: 
e In business, companies are now more proficient at storing and accessing 
large amounts of information on their customers and products. Large 
databases are often mined to discover crucial relationships (Lo 2002). 
e In pharmaceutical research, chemists can calculate thousands of predic- 
tors using quantitative structure-activity relationship (QSAR) methodol- 
ogy described in the regression chapters for numerically describing various 
aspects of molecules. As an example, one popular software suite calculates 
17 flavors of a compound’s surface area. These predictors can be categorical 
or continuous and can easily number in the tens of thousands. 
e In biology, a vast array of biological predictors can be measured at one 
time on a sample of biological material such as blood. RNA expression 
profiling microarrays can measure thousands of RNA sequences at once. 
Also, DNA microarrays and sequencing technologies can comprehensively 
determine the genetic makeup of a sample, producing a wealth of numeric 
predictors. These technologies have rapidly advanced over time, offering 
ever larger quantities of information. 
From a practical point of view, a model with less predictors may be more 
interpretable and less costly especially if there is a cost to measuring the 
predictors. Statistically, it is often more attractive to estimate fewer param- 
eters. Also, as we will soon see, some models may be negatively affected by 
non-informative predictors. 
Some models are naturally resistant to non-informative predictors. 
Tree- and rule-based models, MARS and the lasso, for example, intrinsi- 
cally conduct feature selection. For example, if a predictor is not used in any 
split during the construction of a tree, the prediction equation is functionally 
independent of the predictor. 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, A87 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_19, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

488 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
An important distinction to. be made in feature selection is that of 
supervised and unsupervised methods. When the outcome is ignored dur- 
ing the elimination of predictors, the technique is unsupervised. Examples 
of these filters were described in Chap.3 and included removing predictors 
that have high correlations with other predictors or that have very sparse and 
unbalanced distributions (i.e., near-zero variance predictors). In each case, the 
outcome is independent of the filtering calculations. For supervised methods, 
predictors are specifically selected for the purpose of increasing accuracy or 
to find a subset of predictors to reduce the complexity of the model. Here, 
the outcome is typically used to quantify the importance of the predictors 
(as illustrated s in Chap. 18). 
The issues related to each type of feature selection are very different, and 
the literature for this topic is large. Subsequent sections highlight several 
critical topics including the need for feature selection, typical approaches, 
and common pitfalls. 
19.1 Consequences of Using Non-informative Predictors 
Feature selection is primarily focused on removing non-informative or 
redundant predictors from the model. As with many issues discussed in this 
text, the importance of feature selection depends on which model is being 
used. Many models, especially those based on regression slopes and inter- 
cepts, will estimate parameters for every term in the model. Because of this, 
the presence of non-informative variables can add uncertainty to the predic- 
tions and reduce the overall effectiveness of the model. 
The solubility QSAR data which were analyzed in Chaps.6—9 and 20 
will again be used to demonstrate the effect of non-informative predictors 
on various models. The data most likely contain non-informative predictors 
already. Despite this, we will tune and rebuild several models after adding 
more irrelevant predictors. To do this, the original predictor data are al- 
tered by randomly shuffling their rows (independently for each column). As 
a result, there should be no connection between the new predictors and the 
solubility values. This procedure preserves the nature of the individual pre- 
dictors (i.e., fingerprints with the same frequency distribution) but has the 
side effect of eliminating the between-predictor correlations. If the inclusion 
of correlated predictors would add additional injury to a particular model, 
that impact will not be reflected in this exercise. 
To quantify the effect of additional predictors, models were created that 
used the original 228 predictors in the data and then supplemented with 
either 10, 50, L00, 200, 300, 400, or 500 additional, non-informative predictors. 
The models were tuned and finalized, and the test set RMSE values were 
calculated. The models assessed in this manner were linear regression, partial 

19.1 Consequences of Using Non-informative Predictors 489 
WModels 
RMSE (Test Set) = TBSS © esc lugaiie i 
=| Lost 4 Linear Regression fe) 
Regression Tree x 
L409 MARS i, 
; Random Forests 
log Partial Least Squares © 
% 3 > x : Support Vector Machine 4 
lasso * 
t 0.8 Neural Networks Vv 
2 & H -0.7 
oe ee al I ] 
0 100 200 300 400 500 
Number of Additional Non—Informative Predictors 
Fig. 19.1: Test set RMSE profiles for solubility models when non-informative 
predictors are added 
least squares, single regression trees, multivariate adaptive regression splines, 
random forests, neural networks, and radial basis function support vector 
machines. 
Figure 19.1 shows the test set results. As expected, regression trees and 
MARS models were not affected due to the built-in feature selection. Ran- 
dom forests showed a moderate degradation in performance. The issue here 
is that the random selection of predictors for splitting can coerce the model 
into including some unimportant predictors. However, their inclusion does 
not seriously impact the overall model. The parametrically structured mod- 
els, such as linear regression, partial least squares, and neural networks, were 
most affected. Neural networks appear to have the most extensive issues, 
perhaps due to the excess number of parameters added to the model. For ex- 
ample, a network with 5 hidden units would originally have estimated 961 
regression parameters. Adding 500 irrelevant predictors increases the number 

490 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
of parameters to 3,461. Given that there are 951 data points in the train- 
ing set, this may be too difficult of a problem to solve without over-fitting. 
Support vector machines also saw a substantial increase in the RMSE, which 
is consistent with comments made by Hastie et al. (2008, Chap. 12). 
Given the potential negative impact, there is the need to find a smaller 
subset of predictors. Our basic goal is to reduce their number in a way that 
maximizes performance. This is similar to the previous discussions: how can 
we reduce complexity without negatively affecting model effectiveness? 
19.2 Approaches for Reducing the Number of Predictors 
Apart from models with built-in feature selection, most approaches for reduc- 
ing the number of predictors can be placed into two main categories (John 
et al. 1994): 
e Wrapper methods evaluate multiple models using procedures that add 
and/or remove predictors to find the optimal combination that maximizes 
model performance. In essence, wrapper methods are search algorithms 
that treat the predictors as the inputs and utilize model performance as 
the output to be optimized. 
e Filter methods evaluate the relevance of the predictors outside of the pre- 
dictive models and subsequently model only the predictors that pass some 
criterion. For example, for classification problems, each predictor could be 
individually evaluated to check if there is a plausible relationship between 
it and the observed classes. Only predictors with important relationships 
would then be included in a classification model. Saeys et al. (2007) survey 
filter methods. 
Both approaches have advantages and drawbacks. Filter methods are 
usually more computationally efficient than wrapper methods, but the 
selection criterion is not directly related to the effectiveness of the model. 
Also, most filter methods evaluate each predictor separately, and, conse- 
quently, redundant (i.e., highly-correlated) predictors may be selected and 
important interactions between variables will not be able to be quantified. 
The downside of the wrapper method is that many models are evaluated 
(which may also require parameter tuning) and thus an increase in compu- 
tation time. There is also an increased risk of over-fitting with wrappers. 
The following two sections describe these methods in more detail, and a 
case study is used to illustrate their application. 

19.3 Wrapper Methods 491 
19.3 Wrapper Methods 
As previously stated, wrapper methods conduct a search of the predictors to 
determine which, when entered into the model, produce the best results. A 
simple example is classical forward selection for linear regression 
(Algorithm 19.1). Here, the predictors are evaluated (one at a time) in the 
current linear regression model. A statistical hypothesis test can be conducted 
to see if each of the newly added predictors is statistically significant (at some 
predefined threshold). If at least one predictor has a p-value below the thresh- 
old, the predictor associated with the smallest value is added to the model 
and the process starts again. The algorithm stops when none of the p-values 
for the remaining predictors are statistically significant. In this scheme, linear 
regression is the base learner and forward selection is the search procedure. 
The objective function is the quantity being optimized which, in this case, is 
statistical significance as represented by the p-value. 
There are a few issues with this approach: 
1. The forward search procedure is greedy, meaning that it does not reeval- 
uate past solutions. 
2. The use of repeated hypothesis tests in this manner invalidates many 
of their statistical properties since the same data are being evaluated 
numerous times. See Fig. 19.2 for a nontechnical illustration of this issue. 
3. Maximizing statistical significance may not be the same as maximizing 
more relevant accuracy-based quantities. 
1 Create an initial model containing only an intercept term. 
2 repeat 
3 for each predictor not in the current model do 
4 Create a candidate model by adding the predictor to the 
current model 
5 Use a hypothesis test to estimate the statistical significance 
of the new model term 
6 end 
7 if the smallest p-value is less than the inclusion threshold then 
8 Update the current model to include a term corresponding to 
the most statistically significant predictor 
9 else 
10 | Stop 
11 end 
12 until no statistically significant predictors remain outside the model 
Algorithm 19.1: Classical forward selection for lear regression 
models 

492 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
JELLY BEANS 
CAUSE ACNE! 
SCIENTISTS! 
INVESTIGATE! A CERTAIN COLOR 
THAT CAUSES IT. 
SCIENTISTS! | THEAR ITS ONLY 
Fig. 19.2: The perils of repeated testing of the same data (Randall Munroe, 
http://xked.com/882, modified for space) 

19.3 Wrapper Methods 493 
For the first issue, more complex search procedures may be more effective. 
Several such algorithms are discussed below. The second issue has been ex- 
tensively studied (Derksen and Keselman 1992; Olden and Jackson 2000; 
Harrell 2001; Whittingham et al. 2006).! Harrell (2001) summarizes the use 
of p-values during automated model selection: 
. if this procedure had just been proposed as a statistical method, it would 
most likely be rejected because it violates every principal of statistical estima- 
tion and hypothesis testing. 
The second and third issues can be mitigated by using some measure of 
predictive performance such as RMSE, classification accuracy, or the error 
under the ROC curve. 
Suppose that the RMSE was the objective function instead of statistical 
significance. Here, the algorithm would be the same but would add predic- 
tors to the model that results in the smallest model RMSE. The process 
would continue until some predefined number of predictors has been reached 
or the full model is used. From this process, the RMSE can be monitored to 
determine a point where the error began to increase. The subset size asso- 
ciated with the smallest RMSE would be chosen. As one would suspect, the 
main pitfall here is obtaining good estimates of the error rate that are not 
subject to over-fitting caused by the model or the feature selection process 
(see Sect. 19.5 below). 
There are several other criteria that can penalize performance based on 
how many predictors are in the model. For example, when choosing between 
two models with the same RMSE, the simpler model with fewer predictors 
is preferable. For linear regression, a commonly used statistic is the Akazke 
Information Criterion, a penalized version of the sums of squares error: 
AIC = nlog| ¥ (ys — %)? | + 2P 
i 
where P is the number of terms in the model. Here, no inferential statements 
are being made about this quantity, and, all other things being equal, sim- 
plicity is favored over complexity. Similar AJC’ statistics are also available 
for other models, such as logistic regression. Searching the predictor space 
for the model with the smallest AJC may help avoid over-fitting.? 
Another approach is correlation-based feature selection (Hall and Smith 
1997), which attempts to find the best subset of predictors that have strong 
! The majority of the scholarship on this problem has revolved around stepwise 
model selection, a variant of forward selection. However, the results apply to any 
search procedure using hypothesis testing in this manner. 
2 It should be noted that the A/C statistic is designed for preplanned compar- 
isons between models (as opposed to comparisons of many models during automated 
searches). 

494 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
correlations with the outcome but weak between-predictor correlations. To do 
this, one possible metric is 
7 Rae 
(Pe RPS ie 
where R, is a measure of correlation between the candidate predictor and the 
outcome, and R, is the average correlation between the current predictor and 
the P predictors already included in the subset. At each stage of the search, 
this metric can rank predictors as a function of effectiveness and redundancy. 
For models built to predict, rather than explain, there are two important 
overall points: 
e Many of the criticisms of wrapper methods listed above? focus on the use 
of statistical hypothesis tests. 
e As in many other cases presented in this text, methodologies based on du- 
bious statistical principals may still lead to very accurate models. The key 
protection in these instances is a thorough, methodical validation process 
with independent data. 
The following subsections describe different search methods to use with 
wrapper methods. 
Forward, Backward, and Stepwise Selection 
Classical forward selection was previously described in Algorithm 19.1. 
Stepwise selection is a popular modification where, after each candidate vari- 
able is added to the model, each term is reevaluated for removal from the 
model. In some cases, the p-value threshold for adding and removing pre- 
dictors can be quite different (Derksen and Keselman 1992). Although this 
makes the search procedure less greedy, it exacerbates the problem of re- 
peated hypothesis testing. In backward selection, the initial model contains 
all P predictors which are then iteratively removed to determine which are not 
significantly contributing to the model. These procedures can be improved 
using non-inferential criteria, such as the AJC statistic, to add or remove 
predictors from the model. 
Guyon et al. (2002) described a backward selection algorithm (called 
recursive feature elimination) that avoids refitting many models at each step 
of the search. When the full model is created, a measure of variable impor- 
tance is computed that ranks the predictors from most important to least. 
The importance calculations can be model based (e.g., the random forest im- 
portance criterion) or using a more general approach that is independent of 
the full model. At each stage of the search, the least important predictors are 
% However, Derksen and Keselman (1992) and Henderson and Velleman (1981) make 
arguments against automated feature selection in general. 

19.3 Wrapper Methods 495 
Tune/train the model on the training set using all P predictors 
Calculate model performance 
Calculate variable importance or rankings 
for each subset size S;,i=1...S do 
Keep the S; most important variables 
[Optional] Pre-process the data 
Tune/train the model on the training set using S$; predictors 
Calculate model performance 
OomMWONODA BwWH NY [Optional] Recalculate the rankings for each predictor 
end 
ar e © Calculate the performance profile over the S; 
pan iS) Determine the appropriate number of predictors (i.e. the 5; 
associated with the best performance) 
13 Fit the final model based on the optimal S$; 
Algorithm 19.2: Backward selection via the recursive feature elim- 
ination algorithm of Guyon et al. (2002) 
iteratively eliminated prior to rebuilding the model. As before, once a new 
model is created, the objective function is estimated for that model. The pro- 
cess continues for some predefined sequence, and the subset size correspond- 
ing to the best value of the objective function is used as the final model. 
This process is outlined in more detail in Algorithm 19.2 and is illustrated in 
Sect. 19.6. 
While it is easy to treat the RFE algorithm as a black box, there are some 
considerations that should be made. For example, when the outcome has more 
than two classes, some classes may have a large degree of separation from 
the rest of the training set. As such, it may be easier to achieve smaller error 
rates for these classes than the others. When the predictors are ranked for 
selection, the predictors associated with the “easy” classes may saturate the 
positions for the highest ranks. As a result, the difficult classes are neglected 
and maintain high error rates. In this case, class-specific importance scores 
can aid in selecting a more balanced set of predictors in an effort to balance 
the error rates across all the classes. 
Simulated Annealing 
A multitude of modern search procedures exist that can be applied to the 
feature selection problem. Simulated annealing (Bohachevsky et al. 1986) 
mimics the process of metal cooling. Algorithm 19.3 describes this process 
in detail. An initial subset of predictors is selected and is used to estimate 

496 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
1 Generate an initial random subset of predictors 
2 for tterations t= L...¢.do 
3 Randomly perturb the current best predictor set 
4 [Optional] Pre-process the data 
5 Tune/train the model using this predictor set 
6 Calculate model performance (£;) 
7 if EF; < Ebest then 
8 Accept current predictor set as best 
9 Set. pea ==, 
10 else 
11 Calculate the probability of accepting the current predictor 
ae pt = exp [(Evest — Ei)/T] 
12 Generate a random number U between (0, 1] 
13 if p? < U then 
14 Accept current predictor set as best 
15 set Byes = Ey 
16 else 
1% | Keep current best predictor set 
18 end 
19 end 
20 end 
21 Determine the predictor set associated with the smallest E; across 
all iterations 
22 Finalize the model with this predictor set 
Algorithm 19.3: Simulated annealing for feature selection. EF’ is a 
measure of performance where small values are best and T is a tem- 
perature value that changes over iterations 
performance of the model (denoted here as £), for the initial error rate). The 
current predictor subset is slightly changed, and another model is created 
with an estimated error rate of EF. If the new model is an improvement over 
the previous one (i.e., Hy < F,), the new feature set is accepted. However, 
if it is worse, it may still be accepted based on some probability p?, where i 
is the iteration of the process. This probability is configured to decrease over 
time so that, as 7 becomes large, it becomes very unlikely that a suboptimal 
configuration will be accepted. The process continues for some pre-specified 
number of iterations and the best variable subset across all the iterations, 

19.3 Wrapper Methods 497 
Parents Reproduction Children 
ee 
Crossover Crossover Mutation 
Location 
Fig. 19.3: A schematic of the reproduction phase of a genetic algorithm 
is used. The idea is to avoid a local optimum (a solution that is currently 
best but is not best overall). By accepting “bad” solutions, the algorithm is 
able to continue the search in other spaces and therefore is less greedy. 
Genetic Algorithms 
A distant kin to simulated annealing are genetic algorithms (GAs) (Holland 
1975; Goldberg 1989). This optimization tool is based on evolutionary prin- 
ciples of population biology and has been shown to be effective at finding 
optimal solutions of complex, multivariate functions. Specifically, GAs are 
constructed to imitate the evolutionary process by allowing the current pop- 
ulation of solutions to reproduce, generating children which compete to sur- 
vive. The most fit survivors are then allowed to reproduce, creating the next 
generation of children. Over time, generations converge to a fitness plateau 
(Holland 1992) and an optimal solution can be selected. 
As we have seen thus far, the problem of feature selection is inherently 
a complex optimization problem, where we seek the combination of features 
that provides an optimal prediction of the response. To employ GAs towards 
this end, we must frame the feature selection problem in terms of the GA 
machinery. The subjects of this machinery are chromosomes, which consist of 
genes and are evaluated based on their fitness. To create the next generation 
of offspring, two chromosomes reproduce through the process of crossover 
and mutation, which is illustrated in Fig. 19.3. GAs have been shown to be 
effective feature selection tools in the fields of chemometrics (Lavine et al. 
2002), image analysis (Bhanu and Lin 2003), and finance (Min et al. 2006; 
Huang et al. 2012). 

498 ' 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
1 Define the stopping criteria) number of children for each generation 
(GenSize), and probability of mutation (pm) 
2 Generate an initial random set of m binary chromosomes, each of 
length p 
3 repeat 
4 for each chromosome do 
5 Tune and train a model and compute each chromosome’s 
fitness 
6 end 
7 for reproduction k =1...GenSize/2 do 
8 Select two chromosomes based on the fitness criterion 
9 Crossover: Randomly select a loci and exchange each 
chromosome’s genes beyond the loci 
10 Mutation: Randomly change binary values of each gene in 
each new child chromosome with probability, pm 
1 DF end 
12 until stopping criteria is met 
Algorithm 19.4: A genetic algorithm for feature selection 
In the context of feature selection, the chromosome is a binary vector that 
has the same length as the number of predictors in the data set. Each binary 
entry of the chromosome, or gene, represents the presence or absence of each 
predictor in the data. The fitness of the chromosome is determined by the 
model using the predictors indicated by the binary vector. GAs are therefore 
tasked with finding optimal solutions from the 2” possible combinations of 
predictor sets. 
To begin the search process, GAs are often initiated with a random 
selection of chromosomes from the population of all possible chromosomes. 
Each chromosome’s fitness is computed, which determines the likelihood of 
the chromosome’s selection for the process of reproduction. Two chromosomes 
from the current population are then selected based on the fitness criterion 
and are allowed to reproduce. In the reproduction phase, the two parent 
chromosomes are split at a random position (also called loci), and the head 
of one chromosome is combined with the tail of the other chromosome and 
vice versa. After crossover, the individual entries of the new chromosomes 
can be randomly selected for mutation in which the current binary value is 
changed to the other value. Algorithm 19.4 lists these steps. 
The crossover phase drives subsequent generations towards optimums in 
subspaces of similar genetic material. In other words, the search subspace 
will be narrowed to the space defined by the most fit chromosomes. This 
means that the algorithm could become trapped in a local optimum. In the 
context of feature selection, this means that the selected features may pro- 

19.4 Filter Methods 499 
duce an optimal model, but other more optimal feature subsets may exist. 
The mutation phase enables the algorithm to escape local optimums by ran- 
domly perturbing the genetic material. Usually the probability of mutation 
is kept low (say, pm < 0.05). However, if the practitioner is concerned about 
local optimums, then the mutation probability can be raised. The effect of 
raising the mutation probability is a slowing of the convergence to an optimal 
solution. 
19.4 Filter Methods 
As previously stated, filter methods evaluate the predictors prior to train- 
ing the model, and, based on this evaluation, a subset of predictors are en- 
tered into the model. Since the scoring of predictors is disconnected from the 
model, many of the variable importance metrics discussed in Chap. 18 would 
be appropriate for filtering the variables. Most of these techniques are uni- 
variate, meaning that they evaluate each predictor in isolation. In this case, 
the existence of correlated predictors makes it possible to select important, 
but redundant, predictors. The obvious consequences of this issue are that 
too many predictors are chosen and, as a result, collinearity problems arise. 
Guyon and Elisseeff (2003) discuss several aspects of predictor redundancy 
during filtering. 
Also, if hypothesis tests are used to determine which predictors have 
statistically significant relationships with the outcome (such as the t-test), 
the problem of multiplicity can occur (see Westfall and Young (1993) and 
Fig. 19.2). For example, if a confidence level of a = 0.05 is used as a p-value 
threshold for significance, each individual test has a theoretical false-positive 
rate of 5%. However, when a large number of simultaneous statistical tests 
are conducted, the overall false-positive probability increases exponentially. 
To account for this, p-value adjustment procedures can control the false pos- 
itive rate. The Bonferroni correction (Bland and Altman 1995) is one such 
procedure. If a p-value cutoff of @ is used to define statistical significance for 
each of M tests, using an alternative cutoff of a/M increases the stringency 
and will help control the probability of a false-positive results. However, this 
procedure can be very conservative and limit the number of true-positive re- 
sults. Other approaches to dealing with multiplicity can be found in Westfall 
and Young (1993). Also, Ahdesmaki and Strimmer (2010) propose a modified 
t-test that accounts for the large number of tests being conducted as well as 
between-predictor correlations. 
While filter methods tend to be simple and fast, there is a subjective 
nature to the procedure. Most scoring methods have no obvious cut point to 
declare which predictors are important enough to go into the model. Even 
in the case of statistical hypothesis tests, the user must still select the confi- 
dence level to apply to the results. In practice, finding an appropriate value 
for the confidence value a@ may require several evaluations until acceptable 
performance is achieved. 

500 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
19.5 Selection Bias } 
While some filtering methods or search procedures are more effective than 
others, the more important question is related to how model performance is 
calculated (especially when the sample size is small). Over-fitting the pre- 
dictors to the training data can occur and, without a proper validation, 
may go unnoticed. For example, Guyon et al. (2002) demonstrated recursive 
feature elimination with support vector machine classification models for a 
well-known colon cancer microarray data set. In these data, measurements on 
2,000 unique RNA sequences were used as predictors of disease status (cancer 
or normal) in a set of 62 patients. No test set was used to verify the results. ‘To 
monitor performance, leave-one-out cross-validation was used for each model 
(at Line 8 in Algorithm 19.2). Their analysis showed that the SVM model 
can achieve accuracy over 95% using only 4 predictors and 100% accuracy 
with models using 8-256 predictors. 
The leave-one-out error rates were based on the SVM model after the 
features had been selected. One could imagine that if the feature selection 
were repeated with a slightly different data set, the results might change. It 
turns out that, in some cases, the uncertainty induced by feature selection 
can be much larger than the uncertainty of the model (once the features 
have been selected). To demonstrate this, Ambroise and McLachlan (2002) 
conducted the same RFE procedure with the same data set but scrambled 
the class labels (to coerce all the predictors into being non-informative). They 
showed that the leave-one-out cross-validation strategy used by Guyon et al. 
(2002) would achieve zero errors even when the predictors are completely 
non-informative. 
The logical error in the original approach is clear. A model was created 
from the training set and, using these data, the predictors were evaluated and 
ranked. If the model is refit using only the important predictors, performance 
almost certainly improves on the same data set. In addition, the P to n ratio 
is extreme (2000:62) which appreciably increases the odds that a completely 
irrelevant predictor will be declared important by chance. 
The methodological error occurred because the feature selection was not 
considered as part of the model-building process. As such, it should be in- 
cluded within the resampling procedure so that the variation of feature selec- 
tion is captured in the results. The leave-one-out cross-validation procedure 
on Line 8 in Algorithm 19.2 is ignorant of the steps outside of the model 
training process that it measures. For example, even if the feature selection 
process arrives at the true model after evaluating a large number of candidate 
models, the performance estimates should reflect the process that led to the 
result. 
To properly resample the feature selection process, an “outer” resampling 
loop is needed that encompasses the entire process. Algorithm 19.5 shows such 
an resampling scheme for recursive feature elimination. At Line 1, resampling 
is applied such that the entire feature selection process is within. For example, 

19.5 Selection Bias 501 
if 10-fold cross-validation were in this initial loop, 90% of the data would be 
used to conduct the feature selection and the heldout 10% would be used to 
evaluate performance (e.g., Line 10) for each subset of predictors. The entire 
feature selection process would be conducted nine additional times with a 
different set of heldout samples. In the end, these ten holdout sets determine 
the optimal number of predictors in the final model (Line 14). Given this 
result, the entire training set is used to rank the predictors and train the 
final model (Lines 16 and 17, respectively). Note that an additional “inner” 
layer of resampling may be needed to optimize any tuning parameters in the 
model (Lines 3 and 9). 
Ambroise and McLachlan (2002) also showed that when the bootstrap, 
10-fold cross-validation or repeated test set resampling methods were used 
properly, the model results were correctly determined to be around the value 
of the no-information rate. 
The additional resampling layer can have a significant negative impact 
on the computational efficiency of the feature selection process. However, 
especially with small training sets, this process will drastically reduce the 
chances of over-fitting the predictors. 
The critical point is that it is sometimes easy to commit errors in validat- 
ing the results of feature selection procedures. For example, Castaldi et al. 
(2011) conducted a survey of articles that used classification techniques with 
biological data (e.g., RNA microarrays, proteins) and found that 64% of the 
analyses did not appropriately validate the feature selection process. They 
also showed that these analyses had a significant difference between the re- 
sampled performance estimates and those calculated from an independent 
test set (the test set results were more pessimistic). 
The risk of over-fitting in this way is not confined to recursive feature 
selection or wrappers in general. When using other search procedures or filters 
for reducing the number of predictors, there is still a risk. 
The following situations increase the likelihood of selection bias: 
The data set is small. 
The number of predictors is large (since the probability of a non-informative 
predictor being falsely declared to be important increases). 
e The predictive model is powerful (e.g., black-box models), which is more 
likely to over-fit the data. 
e No independent test set is available. 
When the data set is large, we recommend separate data sets for selecting 
features, tuning models, and validating the final model (and feature set). For 
small training sets, proper resampling is critical. If the amount of data is not 
too small, we also recommend setting aside a small test set to double check 
that no gross errors have been committed. 

502 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
for each resampling iteration do 
Partition data into training and test/hold-back set via 
resampling 
Tune/train the model on the training set using all P predictors 3 
4 Calculate model performance 
5 Calculate variable importance or rankings 
6 for Each subset size S;,i=1...S do 
7 Keep the S; most important variables 
8 [Optional] Pre-process the data 
9 Tune/train the model on the training set using S; predictors 
10 Calculate model performance using the held-back samples 
ily) [Optional] Recalculate the rankings for each predictor 
i, end 
13 end 
14 Calculate the performance profile over the S; using the held-back 
samples 
15 Determine the appropriate number of predictors 
16 Determine the final ranks of each predictor 
17 Fit the final model based on the optimal S; using the original 
training set 
Algorithm 19.5: Recursive feature elimination with proper resam- 
pling 
19.6 Case Study: Predicting Cognitive Impairment 
Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is a cognitive impairment disorder characterized by 
memory loss and a decrease in functional abilities above and beyond what 
is typical for a given age. It is the most common cause of dementia in the 
elderly. Biologically, Alzheimer’s disease is associated with amyloid-3 (A{) 
brain plaques as well as brain tangles associated with a form of the Tau 
protein. 
Diagnosis of AD focuses on clinical indicators that, once manifested, in- 
dicate that the progression of the disease is severe and difficult to reverse. 
Early diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease could lead to a significant improve- 
ment in patient care. As such, there is an interest in identifying biomarkers, 
which are measurable quantities that do not involve a clinical evaluation.4 
4 There are different types of biomarkers. For example, blood cholesterol levels are 
believed to indicate cardiovascular fitness. As such, they can be monitored to under- 
stand patient health but are also used to characterize the effect of treatments. In the 

19.6 Case Study: Predicting Cognitive Impairment 503 
de Leon and Klunk (2006) and Hampel et al. (2010) contain broad discussion 
of biomarkers for Alzheimer’s disease. 
Although medical imaging may be helpful in predicting the onset of the 
disease there is also an interest in potential low-cost fluid biomarkers that 
could be obtained from plasma or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). There are cur- 
rently several accepted non-imaging biomarkers: protein levels of particular 
forms of the AS and Tau proteins and the Apolipoprotein E genotype. For 
the latter, there are three main variants: E2, E3 and E4. E4 is the allele most 
associated with AD (Kim et al. 2009; Bu 2009). Prognostic accuracy may be 
improved by adding other biomarkers to this list. 
Craig-Schapiro et al. (2011) describe a clinical study of 333 patients, in- 
cluding some with mild (but well characterized) cognitive impairment as well 
as healthy individuals. CSF samples were taken from all subjects. The goal 
of the study was to determine if subjects in the early states of impairment 
could be differentiated from cognitively healthy individuals. Data collected 
on each subject included: 
Demographic characteristics such as age and gender 
Apolipoprotein E genotype 
Protein measurements of A$, Tau, and a phosphorylated version of Tau 
(called pTau) 
e Protein measurements of 124 exploratory biomarkers, and 
e Clinical dementia scores 
For these analyses, we have converted the scores to two classes: impaired and 
healthy. The goal of this analysis is to create classification models using the 
demographic and assay data to predict which patients have early stages of 
disease. 
Given the relatively small sample size, one could argue that the best strat- 
egy for data splitting is to include all the subjects in the training set to 
maximize the amount of information for estimating parameters and selecting 
predictors. However, with the ratio of predictors to data points in these data, 
the possibility of selection bias is relatively high. For this reason, a small set 
of subjects will be held back as a test set to verify that no gross methodolog- 
ical errors were committed. The test set contained 18 impaired subjects and 
48 cognitively healthy. Any measures of performance calculated from these 
data will have high uncertainty but will be adequate to detect over-fitting 
due to feature selection. 
For the 267 subjects in the training set, five repeats of 10-fold cross- 
validation will be used to evaluate the feature selection routines (e.g., the 
“outer” resampling procedure). If models have additional tuning parameters, 
simple 10-fold cross-validation is used. Tuning these models will occur at ev- 
ery stage of the feature selection routine. During feature selection and model 
latter case, the cholesterol information is treated as surrogate end points for the truly 
important attributes (e.g., mortality or morbidity). 

504 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
Table 19.1: Training set frequencies for two encodings of the genotype data 
E2/E2 E2/E3 E2/E4 E3/E3 E3/E4 E4/E4 —- E2: E3 E4 
Impaired 0 6 it Da ou 7 7 65 40 
Control 2 24 6 107 51 4 32 182-61 
tuning, the area under the ROC curve (for the predicted class probabilities) 
was optimized. 
Figure 19.4 shows the 124 x 124 correlation matrix of the predictors. There 
are many strong between-predictor correlations, as indicated by the dark red 
and blue areas. The average pairwise correlation was 0.27. The minimum 
and maximum correlations were —0.93 and 0.99, respectively. Many of the 
correlations are contained within a large group of predictors (as shown by 
the large red block on the diagonal). This may have a negative effect on the 
modeling and feature selection process. The analysis shown below uses all the 
predictors to model the data. Applying an unsupervised filter to reduce the 
feature set prior to analysis may help improve the results (see Exercise 19.1). 
Almost all of the predictors in the data are continuous. However, the 
Apolipoprotein E genotype is not. For the three genetic variants (E2, E3, 
and E4), there are six possible values as one copy of the gene is inherited 
from each parent. The breakdown of these values in the training set is shown 
in Table 19.1. When broken down into the maternal/paternal genetic combi- 
nations, some variants have very small frequencies (e.g., E2/E2). Some pre- 
dictive models may have issues estimating some parameters, especially if the 
frequencies are reduced during resampling. An alternate encoding for these 
data is to create three binary indicators for each allele (e.g., E2, E3 and E4). 
This version of the information is shown in the three most right-hand columns 
in Table 19.1. Since these frequencies are not as sparse as the genotype pairs, 
this encoding is used for all the predictive models shown here. 
To illustrate feature selection, recursive feature elimination was used for 
several models and 66 subset sizes ranging from 1 to 131. Models that require 
parameter tuning were tuned at each iteration of feature elimination. The 
following models were evaluated: 
e Random forests: The default value of miry = \/p was used at each iteration, 
and 1,000 trees were used in the forest. 
e Linear discriminant analysis: The standard approach was used (i.e., no 
penalties or internal feature selection). 
e Unregularized logistic regression: A model with only main effects was con- 
sidered. 
e /-nearest neighbors: The model was tuned over odd number of neighbors 
ranging from 5 to 43. 

19.6 Case Study: Predicting Cognitive Impairment 505 
Fig. 19.4: Between predictor correlations for the AD data. Each row and 
column represents one of the predictors. The row and column orders have 
been sorted using clustering methods 
e Naive Bayes: Nonparametric kernel estimates were used for the continuous 
predictors 
e Support Vector Machines: A radial basis function kernel was used. The 
analytical estimate of o was used along with cost values ranging from 27? 
ewes 
The random forest variable importance scores (based on the initial first 
model) ranked predictors for that model, whereas logistic regression used the 
absolute value of the Z-statistic for each model parameter. The other models 
ranked predictors with the area under the ROC curve for each individual 
predictor. 
Figure 19.5 shows the resampling profiles of the feature selection process 
for each model. Random forest showed very little change until important pre- 
dictors were eventually removed from the model. This is somewhat expected 
since, even though random forests do minimal embedded filtering of predic- 
tors, non-informative predictors tend to have very little impact on the model 
predictions. The optimal number of predictors estimated for the model was 
7, although there is considerable leeway in this number. LDA showed a large 
improvement and peaked at 35 predictors and the area under the ROC curve 
was estimated to be slightly better than the random forest model. Logistic 
regression showed very little change in performance until about 50 predic- 

506 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
ROC (Repeated 10-Fold CV) 
0.8 5 
0.7 4 
0.6 4 
T Tre T T 
0 50 100 
Number of Predictors 
Fig. 19.5: The resampling profiles for the RFE procedure for several models 
tors when, after an initial dip, performance improved considerably. The best 
subset size for this model was 13. However, there is a significant drop in per- 
formance for the model once important predictors are removed. Naive Bayes 
showed a slight improvement as predictors were removed, culminating at ap- 
proximately 17 predictors. Unlike the others, this model did not show a sharp 
downturn in performance when a small number of predictors were left. Both 
support vector machines and AK-nearest neighbors suffered considerably when 
predictors were removed and were at their best with the full predictor set. In 
the case of support vector machines, the poor performance may be unrelated 
to selection bias. A closer examination of the SVM results indicates that the 
models have high specificity and low sensitivity (see the results in the com- 
puting section below). In other words, the poor results are likely a result of 
the class imbalance in the data. 

19.6 Case Study: Predicting Cognitive Impairment 507 
Table 19.2: Cross-validation results for recursive feature selection 
Full set Reduced set 
ROC Cr: Size ROC GL. p-value 
LDA 0.844 (0.82 — 0.87) 35 0.916 (0.90—0.94) 0 
RF 0.891 (0.87 — 0.91) 7 0.898 (0.88 —0.92) 0.1255 
SVM 0.889 (0.87—0.91) 127 0.891 (0.87—0.91) 0.0192 
Logistic reg. 0.785 (0.76 — 0.81) 13 0.857 (0.83—0.88) 0 
N. Bayes 0.798 (0.77 — 0.83) 17 0.832 (0.81 —0.86) 0.0002 
K-NN 0.849 (0.83 —0.87) 125 0.796 (0.77 —0.82) 1.0000 
The “C.I.” column corresponds to 95 % confidence intervals while the 
p-value column corresponds to a statistical test that evaluates whether the 
ROC value for the reduced model was a larger than the curve associated 
with all of the predictors 
Table 19.2 contains a summary of the resampling results for each model. 
The area under the ROC curve is shown for the full model (i.e., all of the 
predictors) versus the models resulting from the recursive feature elimina- 
tion process. In Table 19.2, 95% confidence intervals are also shown. These 
were calculated from the 50 resampled estimates produced by repeated cross- 
validation. Of the models evaluated, LDA has the best estimate of perfor- 
mance. However, based on the confidence intervals, this value is similar in 
performance to other models (at least within the experimental error reflected 
in the intervals), including random forest (post feature selection) and sup- 
port vector machines (before or after feature selection). The p-value column 
is associated with a statistical test where the null hypothesis is that the re- 
duced predictor set has a larger ROC value than the full set. This value was 
computed using the paired resampling result process described in Sect. 4.8. 
Although the support vector machine and K-nearest neighbors models were 
not substantially enhanced, there was considerable evidence that the other 
models were improved by recursive feature elimination. 
Did the test set show the same trends as the resampling results? Figure 19.6 
shows the estimates of the area under the ROC curve for the reduced models. 
The y-axis corresponds to the resampled ROC values (and confidence inter- 
vals) shown previously in Table 19.2. The y-axis has similar values across 
models, but these were calculated from ROC curves using predictions on the 
test set of 66 subjects. There was much more uncertainty in the test set re- 
sults; the widths of the test set confidence intervals tended to be more than 
3 times the width of the corresponding intervals from resampling. There is a 
moderate correlation between the ROC values calculated using the test set 
and resampling. The test set results were more optimistic than the resam- 
pling results for the naive Bayes, logistic regression, and K-nearest neighbors 

508 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
KNN ° N.Bayes © 
LDA ~ x RF © 
Logistic Reg. v SVM 4 
8iN 
1.00 
0.95 
& 
2 0.90 or = 
2 
S 0.85 o 
2 © 0.80 
O 
OM75 
aT =a T 
0.75 0.80 0.85 0.90 0.95 1.00 
Test Set Results 
Fig. 19.6: Estimates of the area under the ROC curve for the reduced model 
using the test set and repeated cross-validation. The horizontal and vertical 
bars are the 95% confidence intervals using each method 
models. Also, the support vector machine model was ranked higher by cross- 
validation than the test set. Despite these inconsistencies, the test set results 
generally reinforce the results seen in Table 19.2; the feature selection pro- 
cess tended to show benefits for several models and did not result in severe 
selection bias. 
The two leading models, LDA and random forests, are quite different. Did 
these models select the same predictors? This is a somewhat subjective ques- 
tion since, as shown in Fig. 19.5, neither of the profiles for these models had 
a single peak. Because of this, the optimal subset size is not clear. However, 
using the numerically optimal result, random forests used 7 and LDA selected 
35. All of the random forest predictors are included in the LDA model, but 
28 of the LDA: predictors are not in the random forest model. Figure 19.7 
shows the variable importance estimates for both models (recall that the area 
under the ROC curve was used for LDA). In this plot, the importance values 
are the averages of those found during the resampling process for the final 

19.6 Case Study: Predicting Cognitive Impairment 509 
subset size. For example, there are points on the plot for predictors only con- 
tained in the LDA model. These predictors have random forest values since 
that predictor was selected in At least one of the 50 resamples with a subset 
size of 7 predictors. The rug plot on the y-axis corresponds to the area under 
the ROC curve for predictors that were not selected in any of the random 
forest models. There is a fair amount of concordance between the two models; 
the rank correlation between the common predictors is 0.44. The discordant 
predictors tend to have low importance scores for both models. Both models 
contained two predictors, the AG and Tau protein assays, with a large influ- 
ence on the models. The third most important predictor for both models was 
the modified Tau assay. After this, the importance scores begin to disagree 
with LDA/ROC using MMP 10 and random forest using VEGF. 
This underscores the idea that feature selection is a poor method for de- 
termining the most significant variables in the data, as opposed to which 
predictors most influenced the model. Different models will score the predic- 
tors differently. To assess which predictors have individual associations with 
the outcome, common classical statistical methods are far more appropriate. 
For example, Craig-Schapiro et al. (2011) also used analysis of covariance 
and other inferential models to evaluate possible associations. These tech- 
niques are designed to yield higher-quality, probabilistic statements about 
the potential biomarkers than any variable importance method. Finally, the 
biological aspects of the analysis potentially trump all of the empirical evalu- 
ations. While the study is aimed at finding novel biomarkers, a certain degree 
of scientific legitimacy is needed, as well as prospective experimentation to 
further validate the results found in these data. 
The use of filters with linear discriminant analysis was also explored. For 
the continuous predictors, a simple t-test was used to generate a p-value 
for the difference in means of the predictor between the two classes. For 
the categorical predictors (e.g., gender, Apolipoprotein E genotype), Fisher’s 
exact test was used to calculate a p-value that tests the association between 
the predictor and the class. Once the p-values were calculated, two approaches 
were used for filtering: 
1. Retain the predictors with raw p-values less than 0.05, i.e., accept a 5% 
false-positive rate for each individual comparison. 
2. Apply a Bonferroni correction so that predictors are retained when their 
p-values are less than 0.000379 or 0.05/132. 
For the first approach, the process retained 47 predictors out of 132. This 
process was also resampled using the same repeated cross-validation process 
used for the wrapper analysis. Across the 50 resamples, the filter selected 
46.06 predictors on average, although this number ranged from 38 to 57. Using 
the predictor subset, an LDA model was fit. The resulting test set area under 
the ROC curve for this model was 0.918. When the filtering and modeling 
activities were resampled, a similar area under the curve resulted (AUC: 
0.917). The filtered set of variables consisted of members with relatively small 

510 ~ 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
LDA Only Both x 
0.80 
0.75 
0.70 
ROC AUC 
0.65 
0.60 
6 8 10 12 14 16 
Random Forest Variable Importance 
Fig. 19.7: A comparison of two methods for determining variable importance. 
The random forest values correspond to models with 7 predictors while the 
ROC values are based on the top 35 predictors (i.e., the best subset for LDA). 
The values are averaged across the 50 resamples. The “LDA Only” values are 
predictors that were in the final LDA model but not the random forest model. 
The hash marks, not the y-axis, are for LDA predictors that were not selected 
in any of the 50 resampled random forest models 
between-correlations with one exception. The Tau and pTau predictors are 
strongly related (correlation: 0.91). Repeating this process without the pTau 
predictor resulted in no effective change in the area under the ROC curve. 
When the p-value filter is modified to reduce the number of false-positive 
results, only 17 predictors were selected (13.46 were selected, on average, 
during cross-validation). Here, the impact on the model is not as clear. The 
test set area under the ROC curve was a slight improvement (AUC: 0.926), 
but the resampled estimate was considerably worse, with an area under the 
curve of 0.856. Given the sample size, there is considerable variability in the 
test set; the 95.% confidence interval for the area under the curve is (0.841, 1). 
While the cross-validation process only held out 27 patients on average, this 
process was repeated 50 times. For this reason, there may be more credence 
in the more pessimistic resampling estimates. 

19.7 Computing 511 
19.7 Computing 
This section discusses data and/ or functions from the following packages: 
AppliedPredictiveModeling, caret, klaR, leaps, MASS, pROC, rms, and stats. 
The data are contained in the AppliedPredictiveModeling package. The data 
objects consist of a data frame of predictors called predictors and a factor 
vector of class values called diagnosis (with levels impaired and control). The 
following code was used to prepare the data for analysis: 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(AlzheimerDisease) 
> ## Manually create new dummy variables 
> predictors$E2 <- predictors$E3 <- predictors$E4 <- 0 
> predictors$E2[grep1("2", predictors$Genotype)] <- 1 
> predictors$E3[grepl1("3", predictors$Genotype)] <- 1 
> predictors$E4[grep1("4", predictors$Genotype)] <- 1 
> 
## Split the data using stratified sampling 
set.seed (730) 
split <- createDataPartition(diagnosis, p = .8, list = FALSE) 
## Combine into one data frame 
adData <- predictors 
adData$Class <- diagnosis 
training <- adData[ split, ] 
testing <- adData[-split, ] 
## Save a vector of predictor variable names 
predVars <- names(adData)[!(names(adData) Zinf% c("Class", "Genotype"))] SON SNES VE NS NANG SNE NZS ON 
## Compute the area under the ROC curve, sensitivity, specificity, 
## accuracy and Kappa 
fiveStats <- function(...) c(twoClassSummary(...), 
defaultSummary(...)) 
## Create resampling data sets to use for all models 
set.seed(104) 
index <- createMultiFolds(training$Class, times = 5) 
## Create a vector of subset sizes to evaluate 
varSeq <- seq(1, length(predVars)-1, by = 2) NENT NORIENGD KE ashy NACL Nn SNE 
The code to reproduce the computations in this chapter is extensive and 
can be found in the AppliedPredictiveModeling package. ‘This section demon- 
strates how feature selection can be conducted in R for a subset of the anal- 
yses. 
Forward, Backward, and Stepwise Selection 
There are several R functions for this class of wrappers: 
e step in the stats package can be used to search for appropriate subsets for 
linear regression and generalized linear models (from the 1m and gim func- 
tions, respectively). The direction argument controls the search method 

512 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
(e.g. “both,” “backward,” or “forward”). A more general function is the 
stepaic function in the MASS package, which can handle additional model 
types. In either case, the AIC statistic (or its variants) is used as the 
objective function. 
The fastbw function in the rms package conducts similar searches but has 
the optional but unrecommended choice of using p-values as the objective 
function. 
The regsubsets function in the leaps package has similar functionality. 
The klaR package contains the stepclass function than searches the pre- 
dictor space for models that maximize cross-validated accuracy rates. The 
function has built-in methods for several models, such as 1da, but can be 
more broadly generalized. 
The caret package function train has wrappers for leaps, stepAIC, and 
stepclass, So that the entire feature selection process can be resampled and 
the risk of selection bias is reduced. 
For example, to use stepAIc with logistic regression, the function takes an 
initial model as input. To illustrate the function, a small model is used: 
Wee IN Se initial <- glm(Class ~ tau + VEGF + E4 + IL_3, data = training, 
family = binomial) 
library (MASS) 
stepAIC(initial, direction = "both") 
Start: AIC=189.46 
Class ™~ taul+ VEGE + E44. ihLes 
Df Deviance AIC 
= TUL 28) al 179.69 187.69 
- E4 1 NASR BNSC (2 
<none> 179.46 189.46 
- VEGF 1 2A2 0 25050 
- tau il 288.61 296.61 
Step: AIC=187.69 
Class ~ tau + VEGF + E4 
Df Deviance AIC 
- E4 il 179.84 185.84 
<none> 179.69 187.69 
bes 179.46 189.46 
- VEGF 1 248.30 254.30 
- tau i! 290.05 296.05 
Step: AIC=185.84 
Class ~ tau + VEGF 
Df Deviance AIC 
<none> 179.84 185.84 
+ E4 it 179.69 187.69 
oe ARG a LTO 2: Leh wre 
- VEGF 1 2557 O7 259 207; 

19.7 Computing 513 
- tau il 300.69 304.69 
Call: glm(formula = Class ~ ‘tau + VEGF, family = binomial, data = training) 
Coefficients: 
(Intercept) tau VEGF 
9.8075 -4.2779 0.9761 
Degrees of Freedom: 266 Total (i.e. Null); 264 Residual 
Null Deviance: 313.3 
Residual Deviance: 179.8 AIC: 185.8 
The function returns a glm object with the final predictor set. The other 
functions listed above use similar strategies. 
Recursive Feature Elimination 
The caret and varSelRF packages contain functions for recursive feature elim- 
ination. While the varSe1lRF function in the varSelRF is specific to random 
forests, the rfe function in caret is a general framework for any predictive 
model. For the latter, there are predefined functions for random forests, linear 
discriminant analysis, bagged trees, naive Bayes, generalized linear models, 
linear regression models, and logistic regression. The random forest functions 
are in a list called rfFuncs: 
> library(caret) 
> ## The built-in random forest functions are in rfFuncs. 
> str(rfFuncs) 
List of 6 
$ summary :function (data, lev = NULL; model = NULL) 
Si ae aib Sriubovennsl(oee (Gen iy Sestactene, We noo!) 
$ pred :function (object, x) 
$ rank :function (object, x, y) 
$ selectSize:function (x, metric, maximize) 
$ selectVar :function (y, size) 
Each of these function defines a step in Algorithm 19.2: 
e The summary function defines how the predictions will be evaluated (Line 10 
in Algorithm 19.2). 
e The fit function allows the user to specify the model and conduct param- 
eter tuning (Lines 19.2, 6, and 12). 
The pred function generates predictions for new samples. 
The rank function generates variable importance measures (Line 2). 
The selectSize function chooses the appropriate predictor subset size 
(Line 11). 
e The selectVar function picks which variables are used in the final model. 

514 -19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
These options can be changed. For example, to compute the expanded set of 
performance measures shown above, 
> newRF <- rfFuncs 
> newRF$summary <- fiveStats 
To run the RFE procedure for random forests, the syntax is 
## The control function is similar to trainControl(): 
ctrl <- rfeControl(method = "repeatedcv", 
repeats = 5, 
verbose = TRUE, 
functions = newRF, 
index = index) + +++ VV 
set.seed(721) 
rfRFE <- rfe(x = training[, predVars], 
y training$Class, 
sizes = varSeq, 
metric = "ROC", 
rfeControl = ctrl, 
## now pass options to randomForest () 
ntree = 1000) 
No ee Se SN rfRFE 
Recursive feature selection 
Outer resampling method: Cross-Validation (10-fold, repeated 5 times) 
Resampling performance over subset size: 
Variables ROC Sens Spec Accuracy Kappa Selected 
1 0.8051 0.5375 0.8806 0.7869 0.4316 
3 0.8661 0.6407 0.9167 0.8415 0.5801 
5 0.8854 0.6736 0.9365 0.8645 0.6386 
7 0.8980 0.6571 0.9414 0.8637 0.6300 * 
9 0.8978 0.6850 0.9506 0.8779 0.6679 
11 0.8886 0.6750 0.9609 0.8825 0.6756 
13 0.8895 0.6604 0.9609 0.8786 0.6636 
15 0.8950 0.6586 0.9629 0.8794 0.6628 
17 0.8867 0.6554 0.9621 0.8780 0.6576 
19 0.8900 0.6418 0.9642 0.8758 0.6514 
129 0.8923 0.4439 0.9826 0.8351 0.4947 
131 0.8918 0.4439 0.9836 0.8360 0.4976 
132 0.8895 0.4439 0.9815 0.8345 0.4963 
The top 5 variables (out of 7): 
Ab_42, tau, p tau, VEGF, FAS 
(This output has been truncated, and the columns for the standard deviations 
were removed to fit on the page.) 
The process for predicting new samples is straightforward: 

19.7 Computing 515 
> predict (rfRFE, head(testing)) 
pred Impaired Control 
2 Control Olerashi 0.709 
6 Impaired OR695) Or 305 
15 Control OnlSo ee Oreia: 
16 Impaired 0.794 0.206 
33 Control 0.302 0.698 
38 Impaired 0.930 0.070 
The built-in functions predict the classes and probabilities for classification. 
There are also built-in functions to do recursive feature selection for models 
that require retuning at each iteration. For example, to fit support vector 
machines: 
> svmFuncs <- caretFuncs 
> svmFuncs$summary <- fivestats 
> ctrl <- rfeControl(method = "repeatedcv", 
rf repeats, — oO, 
=F verbose = TRUE, 
+ functions = svmFuncs, 
+ index = index) 
> set.seed(721) 
> svmRFE <- rfe(x = training[, predVars], 
+ y = training$Class, 
+ sizes = varseq, 
=f netrac = "ROC, 
as rfeControl = ctrl, 
+ ## Now options to train() 
+ method = "svmRadial", 
tf tunelengih — 12, 
+ preProc = c("center", "scale"), 
+ ## Below specifies the inner resampling process 
aE trControl = trainControl(method = "cv", 
+ verboselIter = FALSE, 
+ classProbs = TRUE) ) 
> svmRFE 
Recursive feature selection 
Outer resampling method: Cross-Validation (10-fold, repeated 5 times) 
Resampling performance over subset size: 
Variables ROC Sens Spec Accuracy Kappa Selected 
1 0.6043 0.000000 0.9959 0.7237 -0.005400 
3 0.6071 0.005714 0.9858 0.7178 -0.010508 
510). 5/737 01000008) (0799/79 0.7252 -0.002718 
7% 0)..5912) 0.005357 0.9969 0.7259 0.002849 
9 0.5899 0.000000 0.9979 0.7252 -0.002799 
11 0.6104 0.000000 0.9959 0.7237 -0.005625 
13 0.5858 0.000000 0.9979 0.7252 -0.002829 

516 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
121 0.8172 0.513571 0.9241 -8116 - 473426 0 0 0 0 0 
123 0.8210 0.514286 0.9199 0.8087 0.469536 
125 0.8844 0.608571 0.9559 0.8610 0.613538 
127 0.8914 0.671786 0.9548 0.8775 0.666157 * 
129 0.8877 0.647500 0.9445 0.8632 0.629154 
131 0.8891 0.644643 0.9487 0.8655 0.631925 
132 0.8879 0.647143 0.9455 0.8639 0.630313 
The top 5 variables (out of 127): 
Ab_42, tau, p_tau, MMP10, MIF 
Here we can see that the poor performance is related to the class imbalance; 
the model is biased towards high specificity since most samples are controls. 
The caret web page’ contains more details and examples related to rfe. 
Filter Methods 
caret has a function called sbf (for Selection By Filter) that can be used to 
screen predictors for models and to estimate performance using resampling. 
Any function can be written to screen the predictors. 
For example, to compute a p-value for each predictor, depending on the 
data type, the following approach could be used: 
> pScore <- function(x, y) 
comnts 
“ numX <- length (unique (x)) 
+ if (numX > 2) 
of { 
as ## With many values in x, compute a t-test 
aE out <- t.test(x ~ y)$p.value 
ob } else { 
is ## For binary predictors, test the odds ratio == 1 via 
+ ## Fisher's Exact Test 
+ out <- fisher.test(factor(x), y)$p.value 
: } “Fe out 
+ } 
> ## Apply the scores to each of the predictor columns 
> scores <- apply(X = training[, predVars], 
1 MARGIN = 2, 
+ FUN = pScore, 
+ y = training$Class) 
> tail (scores) 
p_tau Ab_42 male E4 E3 
1.699064e-07 8.952405e-13 1.535628e-02 6.396309e-04 1.978571e-01 
1p 
1.774673e-01 
© http: //caret.r-forge.r-project.org /. 

19.7 Computing LT 
A function can also be designed to apply a p-value correction, such as the 
Bonferroni procedure: 
> pCorrection <- function (score, x, y) 
ve 
## The options x and y are required by the caret package 
## but are not used here 
score <- p.adjust(score, "bonferroni") 
## Return a logical vector to decide which predictors 
## to retain after the filter 
keepers <- (score <= 0.05) 
keepers 
} 
tail (pCorrection(scores) ) 
p_tau Ab_42 male E4 E3 HZ 
TRUE TRUE FALSE FALSE FALSE FALSE Vttttetttt 
As before, caret contains a number of built-in functions for filter methods: 
linear regression, random forests, bagged trees, linear discriminant analysis, 
and naive Bayes (see ?rfSBF for more details). For example, 1daSBF has the 
following functions: 
> str(ldaSBF) 
Rast ot 5 
$ summary:function (data, lev = NULL, model = NULL) 
Se salt, wiunetion (x,y, 52.) 
$ pred :function (object, x) 
$ score :function (x, y) 
$ filter :function (score, x, y) 
These functions are similar to those shown for rfe. The score function com- 
putes some quantitative measure of importance (e.g., the p-values produced 
by the previous pScore function). The function filter takes these values (and 
the raw training set data) and determines which predictors pass the filter. 
For the biomarker data, the filtered LDA model was fit using 
ldaWithPvalues <- ldaSBF 
ldaWithPvalues$score <- pScore 
ldaWithPvalues$summary <- fiveStats 
ldaWithPvalues$filter <- pCorrection 
sbfCtrl <- sbfControl(method = "repeatedcv", 
repeats = 5, 
verbose = TRUE, 
functions = ldaWithPvalues, 
index = index) 
ldaFilter <- sbf(training[, predVars], 
training$Class, 
tol = 1.0e-12, 
sbfControl = sbfCtrl) ++ tVt tt tetvVUVVY 
> JdaFilter 

518 19 An Introduction to Feature Selection 
Selection By Filter 
Outer resampling method: Cross-Validation (10-fold, repeated 5 times) 
Resampling performance: 
ROC Sens Spec Accuracy Kappa ROCSD SensSD SpecSD AccuracySD 
0.9168 0.7439 0.9136 0.867 0.6588 0.06458 0.1778 0.05973 0.0567 
KappasD 
0.1512 
Using the training set, 47 variables were selected: 
Alpha_1_Antitrypsin, Apolipoprotein_D, B_Lymphocyte_Chemoattractant_BL, 
Complement_3, Cortisol... 
During resampling, the top 5 selected variables (out of a possible 66): 
Ab_42 (100%), Cortisol (100%), Creatine_Kinase_MB (100%), 
Cystatin_C (100%), E4 (100%) 
On average, 46.1 variables were selected (min = 38, max = 57) 
Again, the caret package web site has additional detail regarding the rfe 
and sbf functions, including features not shown here. 
Exercises 
19.1. For the biomarker data, determine if the between-predictor correlations 
shown in Fig. 19.4 have an effect on the feature selection process. Specifically: 
(a) Create an initial filter of the predictors that removes predictors to mini- 
mize the amount of multicollinearity in the data prior to modeling. 
(b) Refit the recursive feature selection models. 
(c) Did the RFE profiles shown in Fig. 19.4 change considerably? Which mod- 
els would have been mostly likely affected by multicollinearity? 
19.2. Use the same resampling process to evaluate a penalized LDA model. 
How does performance compare? Is the same variable selection pattern ob- 
served in both models? 
19.3. Apply different combinations of filters and predictive models to the 
biomarker data. Are the same predictors retained across different filters? Do 
models react differently to the same predictor set? 
19.4. Recall Exercise 7.2 where a simulation tool from Friedman (1991) uti- 
lized a nonlinear function of predictors: 
y = 10sin(721 22) + 20(23 — 0.5)? + 1024 +525 +e 

19.7 Computing 519 
where the predictors 7; through 25 have uniform distributions and the error 
e is normally distributed with zero mean and a standard deviation that can 
be specified: P 
(a) Simulate a training and test set with n = 500 samples per data set. Plot 
the predictors against the outcome in the training set using scatter plots, 
correlation plots, table plots, and other visualizations. 
(b) Use forward, backward, and stepwise algorithms for feature selection. Did 
the final models select the full set of predictors? Why or why not? If cross- 
validation was used with these search tools, was the performance similar 
to the test set? 
(c) Use recursive feature selection with several different models? How did 
these methods perform? Were the informative predictors selected? 
(d) Apply filter methods to the data using filters where each predictor is eval- 
uated separately and others are evaluated simultaneously (e.g., the ReliefF 
algorithm). Were the two interacting predictors (2, and 2) selected? Was 
one favored more than the other? 
(e) Reduce the sample size of the training set and add a larger number of non- 
informative predictors. How do these search procedures perform under 
more extreme circumstances? 
19.5. For the cell segmentation data: 
(a) Use filter and wrapper methods to determine an optimal set of predictors. 
(b) For linear discriminant analysis and logistic regression, use the alternative 
versions of these models with built-in feature selection (e.g., the glmnet 
and sparse LDA). How do the different approaches compare in terms of 
performance, the number of predictors required, and training time? 

> 
a—~*s | 
: 
D4) Seog 7) 
=? QOce OH op 
: > i onli te 
: mas a 
4 bo=> anv. ee 
ee Se aay 5) 
a —iaayy = mf Se 9 i 
Gum 2 «al F A 

Chapter 20 
Factors That Can Affect Model 
Performance 
Several of the preceding chapters have focused on technical pitfalls of predic- 
tive models, such as over-fitting and class imbalances. Often, true success may 
depend on aspects of the problem that are not directly related to the model 
itself. For example, there may be limitations to what the data can support 
or perhaps there may be subtle obstacles related to the goal of the modeling 
effort. One issue not discussed here is related to the acceptance of modeling, 
especially in areas where these techniques are viewed as novel or disruptive. 
Ayres (2007) offers a broad discussion of this issue. Another important as- 
pect of modeling not discussed in this chapter is feature engineering; that is, 
methods to encode one or more predictors for the model. 
This chapter discusses several important aspects of creating and maintain- 
ing predictive models. The first section looks at “Type III” errors: developing 
a model that answers the wrong question. An illustrative example is used 
to show that, due to sampling issues with the training set, the model gives 
predictions that answer a different question than the one of interest. 
Noise, or error, has varying degrees of impact on models’ predictive per- 
formance and occurs in three general forms in most data sets: 
e Since many predictors are measured, they contain some level of systematic 
noise associated with the measurement system. Any extraneous noise in the 
predictors is likely to be propagated directly through the model prediction 
equation and results in poor performance. 
e A second way noise can be introduced into the data is by the inclusion of 
non-informative predictors (e.g., predictors that have no relationship with 
the response). Some models have the ability to filter out irrelevant infor- 
mation, and hence their predictive performance is relatively unaffected. 
e A third way noise enters the modeling process is through the response vari- 
able. As with predictors, some outcomes can be measured with a degree 
of systematic, unwanted noise. This type of error gives rise to an upper 
bound on model performance for which no pre-processing, model com- 
plexity, or tuning can overcome. For example, if a measured categorical ~ 
outcome is mislabeled in the training data 10% of the time, it is unlikely 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, ayAll 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3_ 20, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

522 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
that any model could truly achieve more than a 90% accuracy rate. Of 
course, the modeler will not be aware of this and may expend considerable 
time chasing noise. 
These aspects of modeling are explored in Sects. 20.2 and 20.3. Section 20.4 
discusses the effect of discretizing outcomes on predictive performance while 
Sect. 20.5 examines the consequences of model extrapolation. We wrap up this 
chapter with an overview of how large data can impact model performance. 
20.1 Type III Errors 
One of the most common mistakes in modeling is to develop a model that 
answers the wrong question, otherwise known as a “Type III” error (Kimball 
1957). Often, there can be a tendency to focus on the technical details and 
inadvertently overlook true nature of the problem. In other words, it is very 
important to focus on the overall strategy of the problem at hand and not 
just the technical tactics of the potential solution. For example, in business 
applications, the goal is almost always to maximize profit. When the observed 
outcome is categorical (e.g., purchase/no-purchase or churn/retention), it is 
key to tie the model performance and class predictions back to the expected 
profit. 
A more subtle example of a problematic modeling strategy is related to re- 
sponse modeling in marketing. Recall the direct marketing example discussed 
in Chap. 11 where a group of customers for a clothing store were contacted 
with a promotion. For each customer, the response was recorded (i.e., whether 
a purchase was made). 
The true goal of the clothing store is to increase profits, but this particular 
campaign did not sample from all of the appropriate populations. It only 
utilized customers who had been contacted and made the assumption that 
all customers would mimic the behavior demonstrated in this population.! 
Any model built from these data is limited to predicting the probability of 
a purchase only if the customer was contacted. This conditional statement is 
contrary to the goal of increasing overall profit. In fact, offering a promotion 
to customers who would always respond reduces profit. 
For example, there is a subpopulation of customers who would make a 
purchase regardless of a promotional offer. These responders are likely to 
be in the observed data and the model would be unable to distinguish the 
reasons for the response. The goal of the model building exercise is to increase 
profits by making promotional offers to only those customers who would not 
have response without one. 
' In marketing, Rzepakowski and Jaroszewicz (2012) defined the following classes 
of marketing models: “In the propensity models, historical information about. pur- 
chases (or other success measures like visits) is used, while in the response models, 
all customers have been subject to a pilot campaign.” 

20.1 Type III Errors 523 
Siegel (2011) outlines four possible cases: 
No contact 
Response Non response 
Contact Response A 1) 
Non response C 1B) 
The cells in the table are: 
e A: customers who would respond regardless of contact 
e £8: customers who would respond solely because of the promotion 
e (C: customers who have a negative response to the promotion and would 
have responded if they would not have been contacted 
e D: customers who have absolutely no interest in responding 
To increase profits, a model that accurately predicts which customers are in 
cell B is the most useful as this is the population associated with new profit. 
The potential negative consequences for the simple response model are: 
e The response rate is overestimated since it contains customers who always 
respond. The overall estimated profit is not net profit since the baseline 
profit is embedded. For example, a lift curve generated from a response 
model might indicate that by contacting 30% of the customers, a response 
rate of 70% could be achieved. There is a good chance that the customers 
who always respond would be scored confidently by the model and consume 
some percentage of the 30% designated for contact. 
e Costs are increased by sending promotions to customers in cells C or D. 
For the cost structure described by Larose (2006, Chap. 7), the cost of the 
promotion was relatively low. However, in some situations, the costs can 
be much higher. For example, exposing customers to unwanted promotions 
can have a detrimental effect on their sentiment towards the business. 
Also, where response models are used for customer retention, there is the 
possibility that the contact will trigger churn since it is a reminder that 
they might find a better deal with another company. 
These issues cannot be observed until the promotion is put into action. 
Techniques that attempt to understand the impacts of customer response 
are called uplift modeling (Siegel 2011; Radcliffe and Surry 2011; Rzepakowski 
and Jaroszewicz 2012), true lift models (Lo 2002), net lift modes, incremental 
lift models, or true response modeling. Lo (2002) suggests that a control group 
of customers who are not contacted can be used to develop a separate response 
model to differentiate customers in cells A and C’ from those in cells B and 
D (although B and D cannot be differentiated by the model). In conjunction 
with a traditional response model that is created using customers who were 
contacted, a scoring strategy would be to find customers with large values of 

524 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
Pr|response|contact] — Pr[response|no contact]. 
By subtracting off the probability of those customers who respond without 
contact, a more refined instrument is being used to find the appropriate 
customer set. The drawback with this approach is that it is indirect. Also, 
there is a likelihood that the model predictions would be highly correlated 
since they are modeling very similar events. If this is the case, there may be 
very few customers for which the two probabilities are not similar. Radcliffe 
and Surry (2011) describe tree-based models where the uplift is modeled 
directly with a control group of customers who have not been contacted. 
Another approach could be to use more sophisticated sampling techniques 
to create an appropriate training set. For the table above, it is impossible 
to contact and to not contact the same customer. However, in medical re- 
search, this problem is often faced when evaluating a new treatment against 
an existing therapy. Here, clinical trials sometimes use matched samples. Two 
subjects are found that are nearly identical and are randomized into treat- 
ment groups. The idea is that the only differentiating factor is the treatment, 
and the patient response can be estimated more accurately than without 
matching. The important idea here is that the subjects are no longer the 
experimental unit. The matched pair itself becomes the primary data point 
in the analysis. 
The same strategy can be applied to this situation. Suppose an initial 
sample of customers can be matched with others who have the same attributes 
such as demographic factors and income levels. Within each matched pair, 
a promotion could be randomly assigned to one customer in the pair. Now, 
for each matched pair, the above 2 x 2 table could be created. If the results 
are aggregated across all matched pairs, a classification model for the four 
different outcomes (A though D) can be created and customers can be scored 
on their probability of being in class B, which is the group of interest. This 
approach directly models the population of interest in a single model. 
20.2 Measurement Error in the Outcome 
What is the minimum error rate that a model could achieve? Recall the linear 
regression model shown in Eq. 6.1: 
Yi = bo + 1241 + bowing +--+ bp Lip + e;. 
The residuals e; were assume, to have some variance denoted as o7. If we knew 
the true model structure (i.e., the exact predictors and their relationship with 
the outcome), then o? would represent the lowest possible error achievable 
or the irreducible error. However, we do not usually know the true model 
structure, so this value becomes inflated to include model error (i.e., error 

20.2 Measurement Error in the Outcome D225 
3 op) 
@ ®o 
= 
WwW 7) 
= 
& Linear Regression ° 
Regression Tree x 
MARS Vv 
= 2.0 Random Forests o 
Partial Least Squares © 
| 15 Support Vector Machine 4 
; lasso x 
Neural Networks Vv 
(o)(0) {ayes PO) » Siete) 20 2s Si(0) 
Factor of Additional RMSE 
Fig. 20.1: Test set RMSE profiles for solubility models when measurement 
system noise increases 
related to lack of fit). During the modeling process, the goal is to eliminate 
the model error. 
However, there is another component that contributes to a? that cannot be 
eliminated through the modeling process. If the outcome contains significant 
measurement noise, the irreducible error is increased in magnitude. The root 
mean squared error and R? then have respective lower and upper bounds due 
to this error. Therefore, the error term, in addition to containing the variation 
in the response that is not explained by the model, collects measurement 
system error. The better we understand the measurement system and its 
limits as well as the relationship between predictors and the response, the 
better we can foresee the limits of model performance. As mentioned in the 
introduction to this chapter, a similar problem occurs in classification. 
To illustrate the impact of the degree of error in the response on model 
performance we will revisit the solubility QSAR data (Chaps. 6 through 9). 
The response for these data is the log of the solubility measurement (Fig. 6.2), 

526 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
OL0N 0:5 1 Om ilhog2- Om 2.0830 
o (ep) 
B oO 
= 
A 
N 
< 
o . 
Se Linear Regression fe) 
0.8 Regression Tree x 
MARS Vv 
Random Forests 
0.6 Partial Least Squares © 
Support Vector Machine «4 
lasso x 
0.4 Neural Networks Vv 
I I I I I I 
OOF FOS Oly 1 Se 2209 225553.0 
Factor of Additional RMSE 
Fig. 20.2: Test set R? profiles for solubility models when measurement system 
noise increases 
and the predictors were either continuous and binary (Sect. 6.1). The best lin- 
ear regression model for these data had an RMSE of 0.7, which comprises the 
measurement system error, lack of fit error, and errors due to relevant predic- 
tors that are not included in the model. For our illustration, we will use this 
value as a base level for error and increase the error in the response propor- 
tionally. To do this, we have added noise to each compound’s log solubility 
value that comes from a normal distribution with a mean of zero and a stan- 
dard deviation of the linear regression model RMSE multiplied by a factor 
ranging from 0 to 3. For each level of additional noise, we trained and tuned 
the following models: linear regression, partial least squares, single regression 
trees, multivariate adaptive regression splines, random forests, neural net- 
works, and radial basis function support vector machines. Performance for 
each of these models is evaluated based on RMSE and R? for the test set 
and the results are shown in Figs. 20.1 and 20.2. Clearly performance gets 
worse regardless of model type (linear models, nonlinear models, or trees) 

20.3 Measurement Error in the Predictors PAT 
and worsens proportionally to the degree of additional error incorporated 
into the response. 
There are two important take-aways from this simple illustration. First, 
this type of noise is, noise that no model can predict—we’re simply stuck with 
it and we cannot break through the RMSE floor or R? ceiling. Thus, the more 
the modeler knows about the measurement system, the better one can under- 
stand expectations about model performance. Second, as noise increases, the 
models become virtually indistinguishable in terms of their predictive per- 
formance. This means that the advantages that some of the more complex 
models, like ensembles, bring are only advantageous when the measurement 
system error is relatively low. This makes sense because the complex under- 
lying structure that a model (such as an ensemble) can find will become more 
fuzzy as the noise increases. Therefore, we will likely be able to perform just 
as well with a simple, computationally efficient model when measurement 
system noise is high. 
20.3 Measurement Error in the Predictors 
As shown in several of the data sets, many of the predictors are calculated. For 
example, the solubility data contained fingerprints that indicated the presence 
or absence of a particular chemical structure. In text mining, predictors may 
be the frequency of certain important words or phrases contained in the text. 
In other cases, the predictors are observed or may be the produce of some 
external process. For example: 
e The cell segmentation data measured different aspects of cells, such as the 
area of the nucleus. 
e The grant data collected information about the number of successful and 
unsuccessful grants. 
Traditional statistical models typically assume that the predictors are mea- 
sured without error, but this is not always the case. The effect of randomness 
in the predictors can be drastic, depending on several factors: the amount 
of randomness, the importances of the predictors, the type of model being 
used, as well as others. In some cases, if the initial data that are in the train- 
ing set are generated in very controlled conditions, then the randomness can 
be hidden. For example, suppose data are generated by a person manually 
measuring an object (such as a rating). There may be differences in how peo- 
ple perceive the object, resulting in rater-to-rater noise. If a single rater is 
used for the training set data but another rate is used for new data, the bias 
between raters is likely to cause issues. 
As another example, consider the concrete mixture data discussed previ- 
ously. Even though the exact proportions and amounts of each mixture ingre- 
dient are known, there is some deviation in these values when the mixtures 

528 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
are created. If the process of creating the concrete is complicated, the actual 
amount used may be different from the formula (although this difference is 
not measured or observed). 
To illustrate the effect of random predictor noise on models, a simple sin 
wave was simulated with random error. Figure 20.3 shows the original data 
in the panel labeled “SD = 0”. Here, the data on the x-axis are evenly spaced 
values between 2 and 10. The outcome was created by adding a small amount 
of normally distributed noise to the data. In each panel, the true relationship 
between the predictor and the response is shown as a solid black line. Two 
different regression models were used to fit the data. The left-hand column of 
panels shows an ordinary linear regression model where the true model form 
(i.e., sin(a)) is fit to the data. The right-hand column of panels corresponds 
to fits from a CART regression tree. The fitted curves from these models are 
shown as thick red lines. 
The rows in Fig. 20.3 are the same data with no noise (in the top row) and 
when random error is incrementally added to the predictor values. Specif- 
ically, random normal values are added to the true values with different 
standard deviations. The small blue bell-shaped curves in this figure show 
the probability distribution of a data point with a mean of six and the corre- 
sponding standard deviation. The y-axis values are the same across all panels. 
Linear regression is able to effectively model the true relationship with no 
additional noise. As noise is added to the predictors, the linear regression 
model begins to become poor at the apex and nadir points of the curve. The 
effect becomes very pronounced with a standard deviation of 0.75. However, 
the illustration is a somewhat optimistic assessment since it assumes that 
the modeler already knows the true relationship between x and y and has 
specified the model with this knowledge. 
With no additional noise, the regression tree also approximates the pattern 
within the range of the observed data fairly well. The regression tree results 
are more problematic since the algorithm is having to determine the pattern in 
the data empirically. Additionally, this particular model is unstable (i.e., low 
bias but high variance). In this case, the difference between the predicted and 
true relationship begins to become more pronounced with smaller amounts 
of random error. 
Measurement errors in the predictors can cause considerable issues when 
building models, especially in terms of reproducibility of the results on future 
data sets (similar in effect to over-fitting). In this case, future results may be 
poor because the underlying predictor data are different than the values used 
in the training set. 
Case Study: Predicting Unwanted Side Effects 
Pharmaceutical companies have departments for derisking compounds, that 
is, trying to detect if the candidate drug will have harmful side-effects or 

20.3 Measurement Error in the Predictors 529 
2 4 6 Ss 10) 
"Regression Tree Cy 
La 
Outcome 
2 4 6 8 10 
Measured Predictor Value 
Fig. 20.3: A simulated sin wave and two model fits when different amounts 
of noise are added to the predictor values 
toxicities in humans. One technique for detecting these issues is to create 
cell-based assays that signal if the compound is potentially dangerous. In 
conjunction with these lab results, a set of compounds with known issues 
are identified as well as a set of “clean” compounds with no known issues. 
Biological assays are created and used as inputs to predictive models. Much 
like the earlier example where solubility was predicted from chemical struc- 
tures, these models use measurements of how cell lines react to the compounds 
to predict potential safety issues. 

530 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
Batch1 e Batch2 a Batch3 A 
Predictor Value Ca 
as, > @ 
Mines ee RPP t 
: a Ae Bie Pir —— 1 
EE) EN Coss EG) SON IS Ae) Lp A a LEGS Lee Sar Se eg asa 2 LER Se IAS) aS) ee 
SS a ANUNNANNAUNNAUNAMNAYANANYNNNNNSTTY TS +t 08 0 
Compound 
Fig. 20.4: The results of an experiment used to characterize the sources of 
unwanted noise in a set of biological assays 
In the example presented here, the goal was to develop a predictive model 
for a specific toxicity. A set of about ten assays were created that measured 
the amount of RNA transcription (otherwise known as gene expression) in 
a specific type of cell. Around 250 compounds (either toxic or clean) were 
assayed and these results were used to train a set of models. The models 
resulted in sensitivities and specificities around 80%. 
However, when a new set of compounds was tested (along with several 
controls from the original training set), the results were no‘better than a ran- 
dom guessing. After reviewing the model building process for methodological 
errors, the quality of the assays was investigated. 
An experiment was run where subset of 46 compounds were measured in 
three distinct batches (run over non-consecutive days). Within each batch, 
there were several replicates of each compound. A visualization of the in- 
dividual data points for one of the assays is shown in Fig. 20.4, where the 
compounds are ordered by their average value. Clearly, there are batch-to- 
batch effects in the data, especially for some compounds. The trends are not 
uniform; in many cases, batch three had the largest values but not for ev- 
ery compound. Additionally, within a batch, the predictor values can range 
dramatically—sometimes across two logs. For. example, compound 35 spans 
the entire range of the predictor data. 
Statistical methods called variance component models (sometimes called 
gauge reproducibility and repeatability methods (Montgomery and Runger 
1993)) quantify the source of the noise in the data. In this experimental 
design, the best possible case would be that the compound-to-compound vari- 

20.4 Discretizing Continuous Outcomes 531 
ation in the data would account for 100% of the noise (i.e., there would be no 
batch-to-batch or within-batch noise). Using a variance component analysis, 
the compounds accounted for about 38% of the noise in the data. The batch- 
to-batch variation was 13% of the total, and the within-batch variation was 
49%. Clearly, this is not an optimal situation since a large majority of the 
variation in the data is unwanted noise.” Since some of these compounds are 
toxic and others are not, it is unlikely that these measurements will help dif- 
ferentiate toxic and clean compounds. The other assays had similar results. It 
should be noted that these assays were chosen based on the data from other 
experiments that produced a sound biological rational for using them in this 
context. Therefore, we believe that there is some signal in these predictors, 
but it is being drowned out by the noise of the measurement system. 
20.4 Discretizing Continuous Outcomes 
In many fields, it may be desirable to work with a categorical response even 
if the original response is on a continuous scale.? This could be due to the 
fact that the underlying distribution of the response is truly bimodal. Con- 
sider Fig. 20.5 which illustrates two histograms of numeric outcomes from 
different data sets. The top histogram is the solubility data discussed thus 
far in the chapter while the histogram in the bottom of the figure represents 
the distribution of a measurement for another data set. While the solubility 
distribution is symmetric, the bottom distribution is clearly bimodal where 
most of the data are found at either end of the response, with relatively few 
in the midrange. Trying to categorize the data in the top distribution will be 
difficult, since there is no natural categorical distinction. Categorizing data 
in the bottom distribution, however, is more natural. 
In other situations, the desire to work with the response on a categori- 
cal scale may be due to practical reasons. For the data that we have been 
examining thus far, solubility may be one of many characteristics that sci- 
entists evaluate in order to move forward in the drug discovery process. ‘To 
simplify this multidimensional optimization problem, decision makers may 
prefer to know whether or not a compound is predicted to be soluble enough 
rather than the compound’s predicted log solubility value. The selection of 
an optimal set of compounds can then be simplified into a checklist across 
the conditions of interest where the preferred compounds are the ones that 
satisfy the most properties of interest. While this process can grossly identify 
the most promising compounds for further research, more nuanced distinc- 
2 Note that, in this case, the noise in the predictors is systematic and random. In 
other words, we can attribute the source of variation to a specific cause. 
3 An example of this is the job scheduling data where the execution time of a job was 
binned into four groups. In this case, the queuing system cannot utilize estimates of 
job length but can use binned versions of this outcome. 

Lay) 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
=== 
sg ‘2 
© 
ie o 
© fd) 
o 
-10 -5 0 
log(Solubility) 
al | | 
40 4 
w 30-7 
2 
re) 
e 20- oO 
2 
a 10-7 
0 
—— T 
0 20 40 60 
Assay Measurement 
Fig. 20.5: Comparison of distributions between two data sets. Top: Solubility 
measurements on compounds previously discussed throughout this chapter. 
The dotted vertical line is the mean log solubility value which will be used 
to categorize these data. Bottom: Outcome values for another data set. This 
distribution is clearly bimodal and a categorization of data into two categories 
would be more natural 
tions among compounds are lost because information in the outcome is being 
discarded. 
When the response is bimodal (or multimodal), categorizing the response 
is appropriate. However, if the response follows a continuous distribution, 
as the solubility data do, then categorizing the response prior to modeling 
induces a loss of information, which weakens the overall utility of the model. 
To illustrate this loss of information, we will continue to work with the sol- 
ubility data. For this illustration, we have categorized the response as being 

20.4 Discretizing Continuous Outcomes 533 
above or below the mean (-2.72 log units) and tuned each classification model 
with a couple of necessary modifications. Linear regression has been replaced 
with logistic regression, MARS has been replaced with FDA, and the LASSO 
has been replaced with glmnet, where each replacement is the parallel clas- 
sification technique. After training each model, we predict the probability of 
each compound in the test set in addition to the Kappa value for the test set. 
For each test set compound we also have the predicted continuous response 
which we can align with the predicted probability of a compound being solu- 
ble. We can then compare the scatter plots of the continuous prediction with 
the probability prediction across compounds. 
Figure 20.6 illustrates the test set results for the regression and classi- 
fication approaches for PLS, SVM, and random forests (results from other 
models are similar and are presented in Exercise 20.1). For each of the re- 
gression models, the observed and predicted log(solubility) values follow a 
line of agreement with predicted values falling within approximately four 
log(solubility) units of the actual values across the range of response. Look- 
ing at the center of the distribution, a predicted log(solubility) value of —4 
traces back to observed values ranging between approximately —6 and —2 
log units across the models. On the other hand, a predicted probability of 
0.5 for the classification models traces back to actual values ranging between 
approximately —6 and 0 for PLS and —4 and 0 for SVM and random forests. 
The range of predictions at the extremes of the classification models is even 
wider. For example, a predicted probability near zero for SVM corresponds 
to actual log(solubility) values in the range of —10 to —2, and predicted prob- 
abilities near one correspond to actual values between —3.5 and 2 (similarly 
for random forests). In this example, working with the data in on the original 
scale provides more accurate predictions across the range of response for all 
models. Further comparisons of model results for these data are presented in 
Exercise 20.1. : 
A second common reason for wanting to categorize a continuous response 
is that the scientist may believe that the continuous response contains a high 
degree of error, so much so that only the response values in either extreme 
of the distribution are likely to be correctly categorized. If this is the case, 
then the data can be partitioned into three categories, where data in either 
extreme are classified generically as positive and negative, while the data in 
the midrange are classified as unknown or indeterminate. The middle category 
can be included as such in a model (or specifically excluded from the model 
tuning process) to help the model more easily discriminant between the two 
categories. 

534 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
-10 -8 -6 -4 -2 0 
-Regr 4 
=4 22) 0 
-6 
-10 -8 
-2 0 
-4 
-6 Prediction 
0.8 0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.00.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8 1.0 2-10 -8 
0.6 
24 220 
0.4 
-8 -6 
0.2 
Observed 
Fig. 20.6: Test set performance comparison of solubility models when response 
is modeled as a continuous and categorical value 
20.5 When Should You Trust Your Model’s Prediction? 
We could view this section as “when should you not trust your model’s pre- 
diction?” The predictive modeling process assumes that the underlying mech- 
anism that generated the current, existing data for both the predictors and 
the response will continue to generate data from the same mechanism. For 
a simple example of a data-generating mechanism, consider the commercial 
food manufacturing business. Commercial food companies strive to create 
the same product over time so that customers can consistently have the same 
food tasting experience. Therefore companies keep the recipe, ingredients, 
and preparation process the same over time. If we were modeling moisture 
content of chocolate chip cookies from a commercial bakery, then we would 
expect that the predictors measured on a new batch of cookies would likely 
fall in the range as the predictors of the training set (collected at some past 
points in time). This means that new data will have similar characteristics 
and will occupy similar parts of the predictor space as the data on which the 
model was built. 

20.5 When Should You Trust Your Model’s Prediction? yet) 
For the examples used throughout this book, we have taken appropri- 
ate steps to create test sets that had similar properties across the predictor 
space as the training set. Principles underlying this process were described 
in Sect. 4.3. If new data are generated by the same data-generating mech- 
anism as the training set, then we can have the confidence that the model 
will make sensible predictions for the new data. However, if the new data 
are not generated by the same mechanism, or if the training set was too 
small or sparse to adequately cover the range of space typically covered by 
the data-generating mechanism, then predictions from the model may not. be 
trustworthy. Extrapolation is commonly defined as using a model to predict 
samples that are outside the range of the training data (Armitage and Berry 
1994). It is important to recognize for high-dimensional data, however, that 
there may be regions within the predictors’ range where no training data 
exist. Therefore, we need to extend our notion of extrapolation to include 
these vacuous interior regions of predictor space. Extrapolated predictions, 
whether outside the range of the predictors or within vacant regions of space, 
may not be trustworthy and can lead to poor decision making. 
Understanding when a model is producing an extrapolated prediction can 
be difficult to diagnose, and the practitioner’s first defense is a deep under- 
standing of the mechanism used to generate both the training set and the new 
set of samples for which a prediction will be generated. Consider again the 
commercial chocolate chip cookie manufacturing process, and suppose that 
the manufacturer had changed the recipe, ingredients, and baking process. 
Using a previously developed model to predict moisture content for cookies 
from the current process may yield inaccurate predictions since the predictors 
for the new data are likely in a different part of space as those in the training 
data. If the practitioner knows this information about the data at hand, then 
she can use appropriate caution in applying the model and interpreting the 
resulting predictions. 
Many times though, the practitioner nie not know if the underlying data- 
generating mechanism is the same for the new data as the training data. 
Data sets with few predictors are much easier to understand and relationships 
between predictors in the training set and new set of samples can be examined 
via simple scatter plots and a comparison of distributions of each predictor. 
But as the dimension of the space increases, examining scatter plots and 
distributions is very inefficient and may not lead to a correct understanding 
of the predictor space between the training data and new data. In these 
circumstances there are a few tools that can be employed to better understand 
the similarity of the new data to the training data. 
The applicability domain of a model is the region of predictor space where 
“the model makes predictions with a given reliability” (Netzeva et al. 2005). 
Different variations of this definition exist, but the most simplistic is to define 
the domain in terms of similarity to the training set data. If the new data 
being predicted are similar enough to the training set, the assumption would 
be that these points would, on average, have reliability that is characterized 

536 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
- 0 5 Oso 
Component 2 
Component 1 
Fig. 20.7: PCA plots for the solubility data 
by the model performance estimates (e.g., the accuracy rate derived from a 
test set). 
A gross comparison of the space covered by the predictors from the training 
set and the new set can be made using routine dimension reduction techniques 
such as principal components analysis (Sect. 3.3) or multidimensional scaling 
(Davison 1983). If the training data and new data are generated from the 
same mechanism, then the projection of these data will overlap in the scatter 
plot. However, if the training data and new data occupy different parts of 
the scatter plot, then the data may not be generated by the same mechanism 
and predictions for the new data should be used with caution. Figure 20.7 
displays the projection of the training and testing sets for the solubility data 
onto the first two principal components of the training data. In this case, the 
training and testing data appear to occupy the same space as determined by 
these components. Of course, this result is expected since the training set and 
test set were randomly partitioned from the original data set. But a further 
examination of similarity between training and test set samples is developed 
in Sect. 20.7 and Exercise 20.3. 
When projecting many predictors into two dimensions, intricate predictor 
relationships as well as sparse and dense pockets of space can be masked. 
This means that while the training data and new data may appear to overlap 
in the projection plot, there may be regions within the predictor space where 
the model will inadequately predict new samples. 
To address this problem, Hastie et al. (2008) describe an approach for 
quantifying the likelihood that a new sample is a member of the training 
data. In this approach, the training predictors are selected. Then a random 
multivariate uniform sample based on the ranges of the training predictors is 

20.5 When Should You Trust Your Model’s Prediction? Oot 
1 Compute the variable importance for the original model and identify 
the top 20 predictors ‘ 
2 Randomly permute these predictors from the training set 
3 Row-wise concatenate the original training set’s top predictors and 
the randomly permuted version of these predictors 
4 Create a classification vector that identifies the rows of the original 
training set and the rows of the permuted training set 
5 Train a classification model on the newly created data 
6 Use the classification model to predict the probability of new data 
being in the class of the training set. 
Algorithm 20.1: Algorithm for determining similarity to the train- 
ing set 
generated such that it has the same number of samples as the training data. 
The response vector is categorical with the original training data identified 
as the training set and the random uniform sample identified as the random 
set. Any classification model can then be built on this set, and the resulting 
model can be used to predict the probability that a new sample is a member 
of the training set. 
We propose two slight alterations to this method, to better address real 
data. First, given that many data sets contain different types of predictors, 
we recommend randomly permuting predictors rather than sampling from a 
uniform distribution across the range of predictors. By doing this, we achieve 
a random distribution across the entire space, while keeping within the per- 
missible values of each predictor. Therefore categorical predictors will only 
receive appropriate categorical values. Second, given that data are large both 
in terms of predictors and dimensions, we recommend building the categorical 
model on a subset of the original predictors. Specifically, we suggest selecting 
the top 20 (or some reasonable fraction based on the context of the prob- 
lem and model) important predictors from the original model of the training 
data. This will greatly reduce model building time, while still generating a 
model that can assist in assessing if the model is producing an extrapolated 
prediction. The steps of this process are listed in Algorithm 20.1. 
To illustrate this method, we return to the two-dimensional example orig- 
inally displayed in Fig. 4.1. Of course, here we omit variable selection and 
proceed to step 2. We augmented the original data with randomly permuted 
values of the original predictors (Fig. 20.8) and built a bagged classification 
tree. We then generated 50 random samples and moved them further away 
from the original data in sequential steps and used the bagged classification 
tree to predict the probability that the samples were from the training data. 

538 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
Training Set @ Random 52] 
Predictor B 
Predictor A 
Fig. 20.8: Random uniform data have been added to the example data orig- 
inally displayed in Fig.4.1 in order to cover the range of space of the two 
predictors 
The placement of the new samples as well as the probability of the samples 
being members of the training set are illustrated in Fig. 20.9. Clearly, as sam- 
ples move farther from the original training data, the likelihood of training 
set membership decreases. 
20.6 The Impact of a Large Sample 
Our focus on performance thus far has been through the lens of the predictors 
and the response. Now we turn to the impact of the number of samples on 
model performance. An underlying presumption is that the more samples we 
have, the better model we can produce. This presumption is certainly fueled 
by our ability to now easily attain as many samples as we desire. As an 
example of the ease at which data can be obtained, consider Ayres (2007), 
who described the process he followed for naming his book Super Crunchers. 
To understand the reader population’s opinion on his choices of titles, he used 
several variations of targeted Google Ads, each with a different candidate 
name for the book. After a short period of time, he collected a quarter of a 
million samples related to which ad was clicked on most. Since the ads were 

20.6 The Impact of a Large Sample 539 
100 - = 
Predictor B 
Percent of Total 
si! T T T T i 
0.0 02 04 06 08 1.0 
Similarity to Training Set 0.0 0.5 1.0 
Predictor A 
| 1 i | 
100 4 | r 
SO ania = 
60 4 = 
Predictor B 40 4 L 
Percent of Total 
20 5 - 
ye -_ ial =. 
T T al 
0.0 0.2 04 06 08 1.0 
Similarity to Training Set 0.0 0.5 tO) 
Predictor A 
! | | 
100 4 iz 
60 4 ie 
Predictor B 
Percent of Total 
(0) SSS 
I T I T I 
0.0 02 04 06 08 1.0 
Similarity to Training Set 0.0 0.5 40) 
Predictor A 
Fig. 20.9: An illustration for detecting model extrapolation. The left column 
of figures depicts three test set scenarios with the proximity ranging from 
near the training data (top) to far from the training data (bottom). The 
right column of figures present the probability that the test set samples are 
members of the original training data 

540 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
served at random, this large-scale test provided strong evidence of which book 
name the reader population liked best. 
This straightforward and clever approach to understanding a population 
provides a positive example of how a large number of samples can be ben- 
eficially used. But as we have seen from previous sections, noise in the pre- 
dictors or the response can minimize any advantages that may be brought 
by an increase in the number of samples. Furthermore, an increase in the 
number of samples can have less positive consequences. First, many of the 
predictive models have significant computational burdens as the number of 
samples (and predictors) grows. For example, a single classification tree does 
many exhaustive searches across the samples and predictors to find optimal 
splits of the data. As the dimensions of the data increase, computation time 
likewise increases. Moreover the computational burden for ensembles of trees 
is even greater, often requiring more expensive hardware and/or special im- 
plementations of models that make the computations feasible. Second, there 
are diminishing returns on adding more of the same data from the same pop- 
ulation. Since models stabilize with a sufficiently large number of samples, 
garnering more samples is less likely to change the model fit. 
For example, web search technology initially used the content of a web 
site to rank search results. If one searched on a term such as “predictive 
modeling”, the search algorithm would focus on terms in the collection of web 
sites in their collection and use these to predict which web pages were relevant. 
For this particular search term, web sites related to “machine learning”, 
“pattern recognition’, “data mining”, and others may also be relevant 
and the algorithm would need to understand. For these algorithms, adding 
more web sites to their collection is unlikely to substantially improve the 
search results, but adding different data may. A web search portal like Google 
can also track user interaction. This leverages more direct, and higher quality, 
information for each search. For example, if a large proportion of users who 
searched for “predictive modeling” clicked on web site A, this should raise 
the likelihood that it is relevant. In this example, adding different data is more 
effective than adding more realizations of the same data attributes. In short, 
“Big P” usually helps more than “Big n”. There are cases where adding more 
samples may materially improve the quality of predictions, but one should 
remember that big data may not mean better data. 
In summary, a large number of samples can be beneficial, especially if the 
samples contain information throughout the predictor space, the noise in the 
predictors and the response can be minimized, or new content is being added. 
At the same time, the cost of these samples increases computational burden. 

20.7 Computing 541 
20.7 Computing 
Computing details for training models discussed in this chapter can be found 
in the earlier sections of the book. One new computing thread presented here 
addresses the implementation of Algorithm 20.1. To illustrate this method, 
the R caret package will be referenced. 
To illustrate the implementation of the similarity algorithm, first load the 
solubility data and define the control structure for training. Here we will use 
the training structure used throughout the text for these data. 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(solubility) 
> set.seed(100) 
> indx <- createFolds(solTrainY, returnTrain = TRUE) 
> ctrl <- trainControl(method = "cv", index = indx) 
Next, tune the desired model and compute variable importance, since the 
similarity algorithm can be made more efficient by working with the most 
important predictors. Here we tune a random forests model and create a 
subset of the training and test data using the top 20 predictors (step 1) for 
inclusion in the similarity algorithm: 
set.seed(100) 
mtryVals <- floor(seq(10, ncol(solTrainXtrans), length = 10)) 
mtryGrid <- data.frame(.mtry = mtryVals) 
rfTune <- train(x = solTrainXtrans, y = solTrainy, 
method = "rf", 
tuneGrid = mtryGrid, 
ntree = 1000, 
importance = TRUE, 
trControl = ctrl) 
ImportanceOrder <- order(rfTune$finalModel$importance[,1], 
decreasing = TRUE) 
top20 <- rownames (rfTune$finalModel$importance [ImportanceOrder, ]) [1:20] 
solTrainXimp <- subset (solTrainX, select = top20) 
solTestXimp <- subset(solTestX, select = top20) MV OONAE NA SEN SER ote NN 
The subset of predictors are then permuted to create the random set. 
There are many ways to permute data in R; a simple and direct way is by 
using the apply and sample functions together. The original subset of data and 
permuted set are then combined and a new classification variable is created 
to identify each row’s membership. This defines steps 2—4 of the algorithm 
which can be implemented as follows: 
permutesolTrainXimp <- apply(solTrainXimp, 2, function(x) sample(x)) 
solSimX <- rbind(solTrainXimp, permutesolTrainXimp) 
groupVals <- c("Training", "Random") 
groupY <- factor(rep(groupVals, each = nrow(solTrainX))) Vi aN NON. 
Finally, we tune a model on the newly created classification data and use 
the model to predict the training set membership probability. 

542 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
> rfSolClass <- train(x = solSimx, y = groupY, 
7 method = "rf", 
af tuneLength = 5, 
+ ntree = 1000, 
+ control = trainControl(method = "LGOCV")) 
> solTestGroupProbs <- predict(rfSolClass, solTestXimp, type = "prob") 
Exercises 
20.1. Figure 20.10 provides a comparison across several models when the 
response is modeled as both a continuous and categorical value. The x-axis 
represents the observed test set solubility value, and the y-axis represents the 
predicted solubility value or predicted solubility probability. 
(a) Based on the figure, which continuous model performs best (and worst) 
on the test set? Which categorical model performs best (and worst)? 
(b) Examine the results from the neural net models. If the predicted probabil- 
ity for a compound is close to zero, what is the range of actual solubility 
values for the test set? If the predicted solubility value (from the contin- 
uous model) is close to —10, what is the range of actual solubility values? 
Which model (categorical or continuous) gives more precise results at this 
extreme? 
(c) Are any of the categorical models better than the corresponding regression 
models? If yes, then explain. 
20.2. As discussed in Sect. 20.4, categorizing a continuous outcome can have 
detrimental impacts on model performance especially when the distribution 
does not have distinct groupings. Sometimes, however, there may be a plau- 
sible rationale for binning continuous data. If this is the case, but the data 
have a distribution like the solubility data (Fig. 20.5), then a possible option 
for the modeler is to construct a response that partitions data into three 
groups for which there is higher confidence in the data at the extremes. For 
example, the solubility data could be partitioned into groups such as “Insol- 
uble,” “Soluble,” and “Indeterminate,” where the indeterminate group is the 
data centered around the mean of the response. 
Load the solubility data and create two training sets. For the first set, split 
the data at the mean of the response. For the second set, define compounds 
to be indeterminate if they are within one standard deviation of the mean of 
the response. This can be done with the following code: 
> library (AppliedPredictiveModeling) 
> data(solubility) 

20.7 Computing 543 
=) = 
2 (=) 
ie) oO 
Tt [s) 
N oO 
‘S) oO 
i) = 
2 (eo) 
© 
a i Sy 
S of 
N : oe) 
° I 
(e) (=) 
a8 = 8 l 
[o) 
eel 
= “ 6 © lc 5 ° fa + 
® + Jo] aC fel © 
ov 
oe : eo] | ° o a = 
° nN 
St | 
be e 
eal 
Oo i} 
__Linear/Lo =o) 4) 
1.00.0 0.2 04 06 08 -8 
0.0 02 04 06 08 
Observed 
Fig. 20.10: Test set performance comparison of solubility models when the 
response is modeled as a continuous and categorical value 

544 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
A SS am A OG AM aN em a oI trainData <- solTrainxtrans . 
lowcut <- mean(solTrainY) - sd(solTrainY) 
highcut <- mean(solTrainY) + sd(solTrainY) 
breakpoints <- c(min(solTrainY), lowcut, highcut, max(solTrainY)) 
groupNames <- c("Insoluble", "MidRange", "Soluble") 
solTrainY3bin <- cut(solTrainY, 
breaks = breakpoints, 
include.lowest = TRUE, 
labels = groupNames) 
solTestY3bin <- cut(solTestY, 
breaks = breakpoints, 
include.lowest = TRUE, 
labels = groupNames) 
(a) Fit a linear model, a nonlinear model, and a tree-based model to the 
three-bin data. For example, the following code could be used to generate 
a recursive partitioning model: 
> set.seed(100) 
> indx3bin <- createFolds(solTrainY3bin, returnTrain = TRUE) 
> ctrl3bin <- trainControl(method = "cv", 
+ index = indx3bin, 
+ classProbs = TRUE, 
+ savePredictions = TRUE) 
> Rpart3bin <- train(x = trainXfiltered, y = solTrainY3bin, 
+ method = "rpart", 
af metric = "Kappa", 
ote tuneLength = 30, 
+ trControl = ctrl3bin) 
> 
(b) Predict test set performance using the performance measure of your choice 
for each of the models in (a). Which model performs best for the three-bin 
data? 
(c) Now exclude the “MidRange” data from the training set, rebuild each 
model, and predict the test set. This can be done with recursive parti- 
tioning as follows: 
trainxfiltered2bin <- trainXfiltered[solTrainY3bin != "MidRange", ] 
solTrainY2bin <- solTrainY3bin[solTrainY3bin != "MidRange"] 
testXfiltered2bin <- testXfiltered[solTestY3bin != "MidRange", ] 
solTestY2bin <- solTestY3bin[solTestY3bin != "MidRange"] 
set.seed(100) 
indx2bin <- createFolds(solTrainY2bin, returnTrain = TRUE) 
ctrl2bin <- trainControl(method = "cv", 
index = indx2bin, 
classProbs = TRUE, 
savePredictions = TRUE) 
Rpart2bin <- train(x = trainXfiltered2bin, y = solTrainY2bin, 
method = "rpart", » 
ee ee a Shes NANT, Ss NE US ONE TAY 

20.7 Computing 545 
DOC 20.2 CO4TEROC. 208° 51,0 
i  NSOuble sed 
1.0 
0.8 
0.6 
0.4 
0.2 
0.0 
Probability from Three—Class Model Ol0 0: 20:4 O10 nO: Come) 
Probability from Two—Class Model 
Fig. 20.11: Predicted probabilities from the two- and three-class models for 
the test set from the recursive partitioning model. Probabilities have been 
slightly jittered in order to see relative numbers of samples 
metric = ‘Kappa’, 
tuneLength = 30, 
trControl = ctrl2bin) 
> Rpart2binPred <- predict(Rpart2bin, newdata = testXfiltered) 
> Rpart2binCM <- confusionMatrix(Rpart2binPred, solTestY3bin) + + + 
(d) How do sensitivity and specificity compare for the insoluble and soluble 
classes for the binning approaches in (b) and (c) within each model and 
between models? 
(e) Figure 20.11 compares the predicted class probabilities from the two-bin 
and three-bin models for both the insoluble and soluble test set com- 
pounds. Based on class probabilities, does the two- or three-class model 
provide any distinct prediction advantages for the insoluble and/or soluble 
compounds? How do the predicted class probabilities within the insoluble 
and soluble groups compare for the other models you have developed? 
20.3. Computing details for Algorithm 20.1 applied to the solubility data are 
presented in Sect. 20.7. Run this code and plot the distribution of the test set 
samples’ probability of training set membership. How many test set samples 
are unlikely to have been part of the training set distribution? 
20.4. Exercise 4.4 describes a data set in which food oils were analyzed for 
the content of seven types of fatty acids. Load the data and create a training 
and testing set as follows: 

546 20 Factors That Can Affect Model Performance 
p>0.5 e p<05 @ 
Scatter Plot Matrix 
Fig. 20.12: The projection of the oil test set onto the first three principal com- 
ponents. Samples are colored and shaped by their probability of membership 
in the training set 
data(oil) 
set.seed (314) 
sampleRows <- sample.int(nrow(fattyAcids), size = 0.5*nrow(fattyAcids)) 
fattyAcidsTrain <- fattyAcids[sampleRows, ] 
fattyAcidsTest <- fattyAcids[-sampleRows, ] NEW NW OW. 
(a) Run Algorithm 20.1 using the training set. Which test set samples are 
not likely to be members of the training set’? Why are these samples not 
likely to be members of the training set? 
(b) Figure 20.12 presents the projections of the test set data onto the first 
three PCA components as determined by the training set. Samples are 
colored and shaped by their probability of membership in the training 
set. What does this plot reveal about the location of the samples that are 
not likely to be members of the training set? 
(c) What steps could be taken to better ensure that the training and test 
sets cover the same region of predictor space? 

Appendix 


Appendix A 
A Summary of Various Models 
Table A.1 shows a short summary of several characteristics of the models 
discussed here. These properties generally hold, but are not always true for 
every problem. For example, linear discriminant analysis models do not per- 
form feature selection, but there are specialized versions of the model that use 
regularization to eliminate predictors. Also, the interpretability of a model is 
subjective. A single tree might be understandable if it is not excessively large 
and the splits do not involve a large number of categories. 
As stated in Chap. 2, no one model is uniformly better than the others. The 
applicability of a technique is dependent on the type of data being analyzed, 
the needs of the modeler, and the context of how the model will be used. 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 549 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

A Summary of Various Models 550 
SH) 
EES 
SYNE 
KG 
[UMS 
PANY 
VAS 
NEURO 
ASS 
ONDE 
SIP 
EE 
LAGNA 
Sats 
Sat) 
a 
nl 
at Staal) ATUO 
uOTyBoYytssepo, 
ATUO 
UOISsaIsal x 
x 
cu 
vs 
° 
vs 
«0 
GD ° 
o 
1-0 
x 
x 
AZN 
- 
Soke 
OAleN ,Sptorqyuao ep 
x 
I 
ys 
fo) 
AZN 
A 
UdZUNAYS 
JSeTBI 
Ny Vs 
x 
el) 
x 
° 
AZN 
x 
-Va{INuoT} - 
x 
0 
x 
A 
OG 
“AUN 
SO 
x 
UOISSIISII 
OYSLSO'T “ 
i 
G 
a 
* 
y 
psrqno x 
yp 
¢ 
dA 
x 
A 
Sde1} 
poysoog x 
ve 
- 
1-0 
fo) 
x 
} 
ysoloy 
WOpUeYyY ° 
pd 
0 
J 
x 
p 
Sdd1} 
posseg va 
ve 
ZI 
- 
° 
} 
\sopna/ 
Soe} 
[OPOT\ I 
ys 
I 
, 
fo) 
dB 
S901} 
I[SUIS va 
fo) 
I 
x 
x 
AZN 
‘SO 
va 
SLOQYSIou 
JSareou- o 
0 
(el 
ys 
O 
rs 
Vdd/SUVvN 2 
soulyoRul x 
x 
e-T 
Ss 
x 
ce) 
J 
I0j0A 
ytoddng x 
x 
z 
x 
~ 
IIOD 
‘AYN 
‘SO 
dD 
SYIOMJOU 
[BINION Ze 
x 
ol 
a 
a 
AZN 
‘SO 
x 
osse[/ 
Jou 
TSE vs 
x 
I 
x 
Dp 
AZN 
“SO 
x 
UOISSAISAI 
ASPTY Y 
x 
I 
° 
A 
ony 
dD 
sorenbs 
yseo] 
Tense aStou 
UOTIITOS oul} 
Ioyotpoid 
siojyoureied 
OINYROJ 
hss 
i uoryeynduroy 
07 
YsnqoyY 
sunny, 
# 
oyeuMoyny 
e[qeyjoidisyuy 
Sutssa001d-31g 
SMOT[V 
[PPO SOTJSLIAPOVIVYS 
IMs} 
JO 
sulos 
pue 
sfopoul 
Jo 
Areuiuins 
V:LV 
P98 

Appendix B 
An Introduction to R 
The R language (Ihaka and Gentleman 1996; R Development Core Team 
2010) is a platform for mathematical and statistical computations. It is free 
in two senses. First, R can be obtained free of charge (although commercial 
versions exist). Second, anyone can examine or modify the source code. R is 
released under the General Public License (Free Software Foundation June 
2007), which outlines how the program can be redistributed. 
R is used extensively in this book for several reasons. As just mentioned, 
anyone can download and use the program. Second, R is an extremely pow- 
erful and flexible tool for data analysis, and it contains extensive capabilities 
for predictive modeling. 
The Comprehensive R Archive Network (CRAN) web site contains the 
source code for the program, as well as compiled versions that are ready to 
use: 
http://cran.r-project.org/ 
This appendix is intended to be a crash course in basic concepts and 
syntax for R. More in-depth guides to the language basics are Spector (2008) 
and Gentleman (2008). The software development life cycle is detailed in R 
Development Core Team (2008). 
B.1 Start-Up and Getting Help 
CRAN contains pre-compiled versions of R for Microsoft Windows, Apple OS 
X, and several versions of Linux. For Windows and OS X, the program comes 
with a graphical user interface (GUI). When installing complied versions of R 
for these two operating systems, an icon for R is installed on the computer. ‘To 
start an interactive session, launch the program using the icon. Alternatively, 
R can be started at the command line by typing R. 
Once the program is started, the q function (for quit) ends the session. 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 551 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3 , 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

552 . An Introduction to R 
> # Comments occur after '#' symbols and are not executed 
> # Use this command to quit 
> qQ 
When quitting, the user will be prompted for options for saving their current 
work. Note the language is case-sensitive: Q could not be used to quit the 
session. 
To get help on a specific topic, such as a function, put a question mark 
before the function and press enter: 
> # Get help on the Sweave function 
> ?Sweave 
This opens the sweave help page. One common challenge with R is finding 
an appropriate function. To search within all the local R functions on your 
computer, apropos will match a keyword against the available functions: 
> apropos("prop") 
(1] "apropos" "eetProperties" 
[3] "pairwise.prop.test" "power.prop.test" 
[5] "prop.table" "prop.test" 
{[7] "prop.trend.test" "reconcilePropertiesAndPrototype" 
Alternatively, the RSiteSearch function conducts an online search of all func- 
tions, manuals, contributed documentation, the R-Help newsgroup, and other 
sources for a keyword. For example, to search for different methods to produce 
ROC curves, 
> RSiteSearch ("roc") 
will open a web browser and show the matches. The restrict argument of 
this function widens the search (see 7RSiteSearch for more details). 
B.2 Packages 
Base R is the nominal system that encompasses the core language features 
(e.g., the executable program, the fundamental programming framework). 
Most of the actual R code is contained in distinct modules called packages. 
When R is installed, a small set of core packages is also installed (see R De- 
velopment Core Team (2008) for the definitive list). However, a large number 
of packages exist outside of this set. The CRAN web site contains over 4,150 
packages for download while the Bioconductor project (Gentleman et. al. 
2004), an R-based system for computational biology, includes over 600 R 
packages. 
To load a package, the library function is used: 
> # Load the random forests package 
library (randomForest) 
> # Show the list of currently loaded packages and other information 
sessionInfo() Vv 

B.3 Creating Objects Doo 
R version 2.15.2 (2012-10-26) 
Platform: x86_64-apple-darwin9.8.0/x86_64 (64-bit) 
ta 
locale: 
tall 
attached base packages: 
{1] splines tools stats graphics grDevices utils datasets 
[8] methods base 
other attached packages: 
(1] randomForest_4.6-7 BiocInstaller_1.8.3 caret_5.15-045 
[4] foreach_1.4.0 eliister 4s 3 reshape_0.8.4 
ra) joule, 77 nal lattice_0.20-10 Hmisc_3.10-1 
(10] survival_2.36-14 weaver_1.24.0 codetools_0.2-8 
[13] digest_0.6.0 
loaded via a namespace (and not attached): 
bald yesastel ye ats) iterators_1.0.6 
The function install.packages can be used to install additional modules. 
For example, to install the rpart package for classification and regression trees 
discussed in Sects. 8.1 and 14.1, the code 
> install. packages ("rpart") 
can be used. Alternatively, the CRAN web site includes “task views” which 
group similar packages together. For example, the task view for “Machine 
Learning” would install a set of predictive modeling packages: 
# First install the task view package 
install. packages ("ctv") 
# Load the library prior to first use 
library (ctv) 
install. views ("MachineLearning") NE NI SE Ne 
Some packages depend on other packages (or specific versions). The func- 
tions install.packages and install.views will determine additional package 
requirements and install the necessary dependencies. 
B.3 Creating Objects 
Anything created in R is an object. Objects can be assigned values using “<-”. 
For example: 
> pages <— 97 
> town <- "Richmond" 
> ## Equals also works, but see Section B.9 below 
To see the value of an object, simply type it and hit enter. Also, you can 
explicitly tell R to print the value of the object 

554 An Introduction to R 
> pages . 
fpr oe 
> print (town) 
{1] "Richmond" 
Another helpful function for understanding the contents of an object is str 
(for structure). As an example, R automatically comes with an object that 
contains the abbreviated month names. 
> month.abb 
{1] Mam "Rep" Manet "Apr" "May" Wa " oud "Aug" "Sep" UN Yeu ou Nov" 
[12] “Dec” 
> str(month.abb) 
chr eat ee | "Jan" "Feb" "Mar" "Apr" "May" "Jun" Uy fo i 
This shows that month.abb is a character object with twelve elements. We can 
also determine the structure of objects that do not contain data, such as the 
print function discussed earlier: 
> str(print) 
functaon) (Gc...) 
> str(sessionInfo) 
function (package = NULL) 
This is handy for looking up the names of the function arguments. Functions 
will be discussed in more detail below. 
B.4 Data Types and Basic Structures 
There are many different core data types in R. The relevant types are numeric, 
character, factor, and logical types. Logical data can take on value of TRUE or 
FALSE. For example, these values can be used to make comparisons or can be 
assigned to an object: 
> if (3 > 2) print("greater") else print("less") 
[t]) “ereatex" 
> isGreater <- 3 > 2 
> isGreater 
[1] TRUE 
> is. logical (isGreater) 
[1] TRUE 
Numeric data encompass integers and double precision (i.e., decimal valued) 
numbers. To assign a single numeric value to an R object: 
Sx <a) on! 
> is.numeric(x) 

B.4 Data Types and Basic Structures 555 
[1] TRUE 
> is.integer(x) 
[1] FALSE 
> is.double(x) 
[1] TRUE 
> typeof (x) 
[1] "double" 
Character strings can be created by putting text inside of quotes: 
> y <- "your ad here" 
> typeof (y) 
[1] "character" 
> z <- "you can also 'quote' text too" 
Sz 
[1] "you can also 'quote' text too" 
Note that R does not restrict the length of character strings. 
There are several helpful functions that work on strings. First, char counts 
the number of characters: 
> nchar(y) 
eu), Aw 
> nchar(z) 
Wahl) Be, 
The grep function can be used to determine if a substring exists in the char- 
acter string 
ES grep("ad", y) 
[Baka ah 
> grep("my", y) 
integer (0) 
> # If the string is present, return the whole value 
> grep("too", z, value = TRUE) 
{1] "you can also 'quote' text too" 
So far, the R objects shown have a single value or element. The most 
basic data structure for holding multiple values of the same type of data is a 
vector. The most basic method of creating a vector is to use the ¢ function 
(for combine). To create a vector of numeric data: 
> weights <—¢c(90, 150, 111, 123) 
> is.vector (weights) 
{1] TRUE 
> typeof (weights) 
[1] "double" 
> length (weights) 
[1] 4 

556 An Introduction to R 
> weights + .25 : 
[1] 90.25 150.25 111.25 123.25 
Note that the last command is an example of vector operations. Instead of 
looping over the elements of the vector, vector operations are more concise 
and efficient operations. 
Many functions work on vectors: 
> mean (weights) 
Ei) lis) 
> collonse<— eCipreen!,, “med! blue.” "red", "white") 
> grep("red", colors) 
i) ee 
> nchar(colors) 
fal S38453"5 
An alternate method for storing character data in a vector is to use factors. 
Factors store character data by first determining all unique values in the data, 
called the factor levels. The character data is then stored as integers that 
correspond to the factor levels: 
> colors2 <- as.factor(colors) 
> colors2 
[1] green red blue red white 
Levels: blue green red white 
> levels(colors2) 
{1] "blue" "green" "red" "white" 
> as.numeric(colors2) 
il e2igS dieses 
There are a few advantages to storing data in factors. First, less memory is 
required to store the values since potentially long character strings are saved 
only once (in the levels) and their occurrences are saved as vectors. Second, 
the factor vector “remembers” all of the possible values. Suppose we subset 
the factor vector by removing the first value using a negative integer value: 
> colors2[-1] 
[1] red blue red white 
Levels: blue green red white 
Even though the element with a value of “green” was removed, the factor 
still keeps the same levels. Factors are the primary means of storing discrete 
variables in R and many classification models use them to specify the outcome 
data. 
To work with a subset of a vector, single brackets can be used in different 
ways: 
> weights 
[i] 90 150 111 123 

B.4 Data Types and Basic Structures 557 
Vv # positive integers indicate which elements to keep 
> weights[c(1, 4)] 
[i] 90 123 
> # negative integers correspond to elements to exclude 
> weights[-c(1, 4)] 
Eki] alfsyo) alata 
> # A vector of logical values can be used also but there should 
# be as many logical values as elements 
> weights[c(TRUE, TRUE, FALSE, TRUE) ] 
fal) 80" 450" 123 v 
Vv 
Vectors must store the same type of data. An alternative is a list; this is 
a type of vector that can store objects of any type as elements: 
> both <- list(colors = colors2, weight = weights) 
> is.vector (both) 
[1] TRUE 
> is.list (both) 
[1] TRUE 
> length (both) 
ahi) 2 
> names (both) 
Eh collors” Yweaght, 
Lists can be filtered in a similar manner as vectors. However, double brackets 
return only the element, while single brackets return another list: 
> both[[1]] 
{1] green red blue red white 
Levels: blue green red white 
> is.list(both[[1]]) 
[1] FALSE 
> both[1] 
$colors 
[1] green red blue red _ white 
Levels: blue green red white 
> is. list (bothl1]) 
[1] TRUE 
> # We can also subset using the name of the list 
> bepniicolors I] 
[1] green red blue red _ white 
Levels: blue green red white 
Missing values in R are encoded as NA values: 
> probabilities, <— c(005, w67, NA, 3325 390) 
> is.na(probabilities) 
[1] FALSE FALSE TRUE FALSE FALSE 

558 
> # NA is not treated as a character string 
> probabilities == "NA" 
[1] FALSE FALSE NA FALSE FALSE 
> # Most functions propagate missing values... 
> mean (probabilities) 
{1] NA 
> #... unless told otherwise 
> mean(probabilities, na.rm = TRUE) 
{1] 0.485 
B.5 Working with Rectangular Data Sets An Introduction to R 
Rectangular data sets usually refer to situations where samples are in rows 
of a data set while columns correspond to variables (in some domains, this 
convention is reversed). There are two main structures for rectangular data: 
matrices and data frames. The main difference between these two types of 
objects is the type of data that can be stored within them. A matrix can only 
contain data of the same type (e.g., character or numeric) while data frames 
must contain columns of the same data type. Matrices are more computa- 
tionally efficient but are obviously limited. 
We can create a matrix using the matrix function. Here, we create a numeric 
vector of integers from one to twelve and use three rows and four columns: 
> mat <- matrix(1:12, nrow = 3) 
> mat 
Eau) Ev2) Mel) 6) 
[Bad iL 4 TO 
ei 2 5 yall 
Eyal 3 6 sl) 
The rows and columns can be given names: 
> rownames(mat) <- c("row 1", 
> colnames(mat) <- c("coli", 
> mat "row Sl) 
Neots "col4") UTow 2-5 
"con QY. 
coli col2 col3 col4 
row 1 1 4 7 10 
row 2 2 5 8 al 
row 3 3) 6 9 12 
> rownames (mat) 
asl “eons de owe! cows 
Matrices can be subset using method similar to vectors, but rows and columns 
can be subset separately: 
> mation oe 

B.5 Working with Rectangular Data Sets 
col2 col3 
4 7 
maciwrow ti Veor sul 
Ee 
mat [tj] 
coli col2 col3 col4 
il 4 7 10 559 
One difficulty with subsetting matrices is that dimensions can be dropped; 
if either a single row or column is produced by subsetting a matrix, then a 
vector is the result: 
> 
> is.matrix(mat[1,]) 
{1] FALSE 
is.vector(mat[1,]) 
{1] TRUE 
One method for avoiding this is to pass the drop option to the matrix when 
subsetting: 
> 
+ mat[i,] 
coli col2 col3 col4 
1 4 (6 10 
mat[1,,drop = FALSE] 
coli col2 col3 col4 
row 1 at 4 a 10 
is.matrix(mat[1,,drop = FALSE] ) 
[1] TRUE 
is.vector(mat[1,,drop = FALSE]) 
{1] FALSE 
Data frames can be created using the data.frame function: 
df <- data.frame(colors = colors2, 
time = 1:5) 
df 
colors time 
1 green al 
2 red 2 
3 blue 3 
4 red 4 
5 white 5 
dim (df) 
Ril Bee 
colnames (df) 
{1] "colors" "time" 
rownames (df) 
[1] wqu now nau wqn oo 

560 . An Introduction to R 
In addition to the subsetting techniques previously shown for matrices, the $ 
operator can be used to return single columns while the subset function can 
be used to return more complicated subsets of rows: 
> df$colors 
{[1] green red blue red white 
Levels: blue green red white 
> subset(df, colors %in% c("red", "green") & time <= 2) 
colors time 
i green 1 
red 2 
A helpful function for determining if there are any missing values in a row 
of a matrix or data frame is the complete.cases function, which returns TRUE 
if there are no missing values: 
2 Cis Git 
> # Add missing values to the data frame 
> df2lt; 1) <= NA 
Scr osee 2ie<— VA 
Bao begs 
colors time 
1 <NA> 1 
2 red 2 
3 blue 3 
4 red 4 
5 white NA 
> complete.cases (df2) 
[1] FALSE TRUE TRUE TRUE FALSE 
B.6 Objects and Classes 
Each object has at least one type or class associated with it. The class of 
an object declares what it is (e.g., a character string, linear model, web site 
URL). The class defines the structure of an object (i.e., how it is stored) and 
the possible operations associated with this type of object (called methods 
for the class). For example, if some sort of model object is created, it may be 
of interest to: 
e Print the model details for understanding 
e Plot the model for visualization, or 
e Predict new samples 
In this case, print, plot, and predict are some of the possible methods for 
that particular type of model (as determined by its class). This paradigm is 
called object-oriented programming. 

B.7 R Functions 561 
We can quickly determine the class of the previous objects: 
> pages 
[1] 97 
> class (pages) 
(1] "numeric" 
> town 
{1] "Richmond" 
> class (town) 
Hu character' 
When the user directs R to perform some operation, such as creating pre- 
dictions from a model object, the class determines the specific code for the 
prediction equation. This is called method dispatch. There are two main tech- 
niques for object-oriented programming in R: S3 classes and S4 classes. The 
S3 approach is more simplistic than $4 and is used by many packages. S4 
methods are more powerful than $3 methods but are too complex to ade- 
quately describe in this overview. Chambers (2008) describes these techniques 
in greater detail. 
With S3 methods, the naming convention is to use dots to separate classes 
and methods. For example, summary. 1m is the function that is used to compute 
summary values for an object that has the 1m class (this class is to fit linear 
models, such as linear regression analysis). Suppose a user created an object 
called myModel using the 1m function. The command 
modelSummary <- summary (myModel) 
calculates the common descriptive statistics for the model. R sees that myModel 
has class 1m, so it executes the code in the function summary.1m. 
For this text, it is important to understand the concept of objects, classes, 
and methods. However, these concepts will be used at a high level; the code 
contained in the book rarely delves into the technical minutia “under the 
hood.” For example, the predict function will be used extensively, but the 
use will not be required to know which specific method is executed. 
B.7 R Functions 
In R, modular pieces of code can be collected in functions. Many functions 
have already been used in this section, such as the library function that 
loads packages. Functions have arguments: specific slots that are used to pass 
objects into the function. In R, arguments are named (unlike other languages, 
such as matlab). For example, the function for reading data stored in comma 
delimited format (CSV) into an R object has these arguments: 
> str(read.csv) 
function (file, header = TRUE, sep = ",", quote = "", dec = ".", 
falls RUE. icommentmchan: — al! ee.) 

562 | An Introduction to R 
where file is a character string that points to the CSV file and header in- 
dicates whether the initial row corresponds to variable names. The file ar- 
gument has no default value and the function will result in an error if no 
file name is specified. Since these functions are named, they can be called in 
several different ways: 
> read.csv("data.csv") 
> read.csv(header = FALSE, file = "data.csv") 
Notice that the read.csv function has an argument at the end with three dots. 
This means that other arguments can be added to the read.csv function call 
that are passed to a specific function within the code for read.csv. In this 
case, the code uses another function called read.table that is more general. 
The read.table contains an argument called na.strings that is absent from 
read.csv. This argument tells R which character values indicate a missing 
value in the file. Using 
> read.csv("data.csv", na.strings = "?") 
has the effect of passing the argument na.strings = "?" from the read.csv 
function to the read.table function. Note that this argument must be named 
if it is to be passed through. The three dots are used extensively in the 
computing sections of each chapter. 
B.8 The Three Faces of = 
So far, the = symbol has been used in several different contexts: 
1. Creating objects, such as x = 3 
2. Testing for equivalence: x == 4 
3. Specifying values to function arguments: read.csv(header = FALSE) 
This can be confusing for newcomers. For example: 
> new = subset(old, subset = value == "blue", drop = FALSE) 
uses the symbol four times across all three cases. One method for avoiding 
confusion is to use <- as the assignment operator. 
B.9 The AppliedPredictiveModeling Package 
This package serves as a companion to the book and includes many of the 
data sets used -here that are not already available in other R packages. It 
also includes the R code used throughout the chapters and R functions. The 
package is available on CRAN. 

B.10 The caret Package 563 
Table B.1: A survey of commands to produce class probabilities across dif- 
ferent packages 
Object class Package predict Function syntax 
lda MASS predict (object) (no options needed) 
gim stats predict(object, type = "response") 
gbm gbm predict(object, type = "response", n.trees) 
mda mda predict(object, type = "posterior") 
rpart rpart predict(object, type = "prob") 
Weka_classifier RWeka predict(object, type = "probability") 
LogitBoost caTools predict(object, type = "raw", nIter) 
The train function in the caret package uses a common syntax of 
predict(object, type = "prob") 
B.10 The caret Package 
The caret package (short for Classification And REgression Training) was 
created to streamline the process for building and evaluating predictive mod- 
els. Using the package, a practitioner can quickly evaluate many different 
types of models to find the more appropriate tool for their data. 
The beauty of R is that it provides a large and diverse set of modeling pack- 
ages. However, since these packages are created by many different people over 
time, there are a minimal set of conventions that are common to each model. 
For example, Table B.1 shows the syntax for calculating class probabilities for 
several different types of classification models. Remembering the syntactical 
variations can be difficult and this discourages users from evaluating a variety 
of models. One method to reduce this complexity is to provide a unified in- 
terface to functions for model building and prediction. caret provides such an 
interface for across a wide vary of models (over 140). The package also pro- 
vides many options for data pre-processing and resampling-based parameter 
tuning techniques (Chaps. 3 and 4). 
In this text, resampling is the primary approach for optimizing predictive 
models with tuning parameters. To do this, many alternate versions of the 
training set are used to train the model and predict a holdout set. This pro- 
cess is repeated many times to get performance estimates that generalize to 
new data sets. Each of the resampled data sets is independent of the others, 
so there is no formal requirement that the models must be run sequentially. 
If a computer with multiple processors or cores is available, the computa- 
tions could be spread across these “workers” to increase the computational 
efficiency. caret leverages one of the parallel processing frameworks in R to do 
just this. The foreach package allows R code to be run either sequentially or 
in parallel using several different technologies, such as the multicore or Rmpi 
packages (see Schmidberger et al. (2009) for summaries and descriptions of 
the available options). There are several R packages that work with foreach 

564 An Introduction to R 
to implement these techniques, such as doMC (for multicore) or doMPI (for 
Rmpi). 
To tune a predictive model using multiple workers, the syntax in the caret 
package functions (e.g., train, rfe or sbf) does not change. A separate function 
is used to “register” the parallel processing technique and specify the number 
of workers to use. For example, to use the multicore package (not available 
on Windows) with five cores on the same machine, the package is loaded and 
then registered: 
> library (doMC) 
> registerDoMC(cores = 5) 
> ## All subsequent models are then run in parallel 
> model <- train(y ~ ., data = training, method = "rf") 
The syntax for other packages associated with foreach is very similar. Note 
that as the number of workers increases, the memory required also increases. 
For example, using five workers would keep a total of six versions of the data 
in memory. If the data are large or the computational model is demanding, 
performance can be affected if the amount of required memory exceeds the 
physical amount available. 
Does this help reduce the time to fit models? The job scheduling data 
(Chap. 17) was modeled multiple times with different number of workers for 
several models. Random forest was used with 2,000 trees and tuned over 10 
values of mzry. Variable importance calculations were also conducted during 
each model fit. Linear discriminant analysis was also run, as was a cost- 
sensitive radial basis function support vector machine (tuned over 15 cost 
values). All models were tuned using five repeats of 10-fold cross-validation. 
The results are shown in Fig.B.1. The y-axis corresponds to the total exe- 
cution time (encompassing model tuning and the final model fit) versus the 
number of workers. Random forest clearly took the longest to train and the 
LDA models were very computationally efficient. The total time (in minutes) 
decreased as the number of workers increase but stabilized around seven 
workers. The data for this plot were generated in a randomized fashion so 
that there should be no bias in the run order. The bottom right panel shows 
the speedup which is the sequential time divided by the parallel time. For ex- 
ample, a speedup of three indicates that the parallel version was three times 
faster than the sequential version. At best, parallelization can achieve linear 
speedups; that is, for M workers, the parallel time is 1/M. For these models, 
the speedup is close to linear until four or five workers are used. After this, 
there is a small improvement in performance. Since LDA is already computa- 
tionally efficient, the speed-up levels off more rapidly than the other models. 
While not linear, the decrease in execution time is helpful—a nearly 10h 
model fit was decreased to about 90 min. 
Note that some models, especially those using the RWeka package, may 
not be able to be run in parallel due to the underlying code structure. 
One additional “trick” that train exploits to increase computational ef- 
ficiency is to use sub-models; a single model fit can produce predictions for 

B.11 Software Used in this Text 565 
0.6 
iS 20) Bay 30) 0.4 
10 
0.2 wo 
100 200 300 400 500 600 
Workers 
Fig. B.1: Three models run using different numbers of workers. The y-axis 
is either the execution time in minutes or the speed-up (in the bottom right 
panel) 
multiple tuning parameters. For example, in most implementations of boosted 
models. a model trained on B boosting iterations can produce predictions for 
models for iterations less than B. For the grant data, a gbm model was fit 
that evaluated 200 distinct combinations of the three tuning parameters (see 
Fig. 14.10). In reality, train only created objects for 40 models and derived 
the other predictions from these objects. 
More detail on the caret package can be found in Kuhn (2008) or the four 
extended manuals (called “vignettes”) on the package web site (Kuhn 2010). 
B.11 Software Used in this Text 
The excellent Sweave function (Leisch 2002a,b) in R enabled data analysis code 
to be integrated within the content of this text. The function executed the R 
code and replaced the code with the items produced by the code, such as text, 
figures, and tables. All the software and data used here are publicly available 
at the time of this writing. The R packages AppliedPredictiveModeling and 

566 An Introduction to R 
caret include many of the data sets. For data that could not be included, the 
AppliedPredictiveModeling package includes R code to recreate the data set 
used in this text. An extensive list of packages and functions in R related to 
reproducible research can be found on CRAN: 
http: //cran.r- project.org/web/views/ReproducibleResearch.html 
Version 2.15.2 (2012-10-26) of R was used in conjunction with the following 
package versions: AppliedPredictiveModeling (1.01), arules (1.0-12), C50 (0.1.0- 
013), caret (5.15-045), coin (1.0-21), CORElearn (0.9.40), corrplot (0.70), ctv 
(0.7-4), Cubist (0.0.12), desirability (1.05), DMwk (0.2.3), doBy (4.5-5), doMC 
(1.2.5), DWD (0.10), e1071 (1.6-1), earth (3.2-3), elasticnet (1.1), ellipse (0.3- 
7), gbm (1.6-3.2), glmnet (1.8-2), Hmisc (3.10-1), ipred (0.9-1), kernlab (0.9- 
15), klaR (0.6-7), lars (1.1), latticeExtra (0.6-24), lattice (0.20-10), MASS (7.3- 
22), mda (0.4-2), minerva (1.2), mlbench (2.1-1), nnet (7.3-5), pamr (1.54), 
partykit (0.1-4), party (1.0-3), pls (2.3-0), plyr (1.7.1), pROC (1.5.4), proxy (0.4- 
9), QSARdata (1.02), randomForest (4.6-7), RColorBrewer (1.0-5), reshape2 
(1.2.1), reshape (0.8.4), rms (3.6-0), rpart (4.0-3), RWeka (0.4-12), sparseLDA 
(0.1-6), subselect (0.12-2), svmpath (0.952), and tabplot (0.12). Some of these 
packages are not directly related to predictive modeling but were used to 
compile or format the content or for visualization. 

Appendix C 
Interesting Web Sites 
Software 
http://www.r-project.org 
This is the main R web site with links to announcements, manuals, books, 
conference, and other information. 
http: //cran.r-project.org 
CRAN, or the Comprehensive R Archive Network, is the primary repository 
for R and numerous add-on packages. 
http://cran.r-project.org /web/views/MachineLearning.html 
The machine learning Task View is a list of many predictive modeling pack- 
ages in R. 
http: //caret.r-forge.r-project.org 
The caret package is hosted here. 
http://www.rulequest.com 
RuleQuest releases commercial and open-source versions of Cubist and C5.0. 
http://rattle.togaware.com 
Rattle (Williams 2011) is a graphical user interface for R predictive models. 
http://www.cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/ 
Weka is collection of Java programs for data mining. 
http://orange.biolab.si 
Orange is an open-source, cross-platform graphical user interface to many 
machine learning tools. The interface is a “pipeline” where users piece together 
components to create a workflow. 
http://www.knime.org 
“IKKNIME (Konstanz Information Miner) is a user-friendly and comprehensive 
open-source data integration, processing, analysis, and exploration platform.” 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 567 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3 , 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

568 Interesting Web Sites 
http: //www.spss.com/software/modeler 
The IBM SPSS Modeler, formerly called Clemintine, is a visual platform for 
model building. 
http: //www.sas.com/technologies/analytics/datamining/miner 
A SAS product for data mining. 
Other programs are listed at http: //www.kdnuggets.com/software/suites. 
html. 
Competitions 
http://www.kaggle.com 
http://tunedit.org 
Data Sets 
http://archive.ics.uci-edu/ml 
The University of California (Irvine) is a well-known location for classification 
and regression data sets. 
http://www.kdnuggets.com/datasets 
The Association For Computing Machinery (ACM) has a special interest 
group on Knowledge Discovery in Data (KDD). The KDD group organizes 
annual machine learning competitions. 
http://fueleconomy.gov 
A web site run by the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Energy Efficiency 
and Renewable Energy and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency that 
lists different estimates of fuel economy for passenger cars and trucks. 
http://www.cheminformatics.org 
This web site contains many examples of computational chemistry data sets. 
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo 
The NCBI GEO web site is “a public repository that archives and freely 
distributes microarray, next-generation sequencing, and other forms of high- 
throughput functional genomic data submitted by the scientific community.” 

References 
Abdi H, Williams L (2010). “Principal Component Analysis.” Wiley Interdis- 
ciplinary Reviews: Computational Statistics, 2(4), 433-459. 
Agresti A (2002). Categorical Data Analysis. Wiley—Interscience. 
Ahdesmaki M, Strimmer K (2010). “Feature Selection in Omics Prediction 
Problems Using CAT Scores and False Nondiscovery Rate Control.” The 
Annals of Applied Statistics, 4(1), 503-519. 
Alin A (2009). “Comparison of PLS Algorithms when Number of Objects is 
Much Larger than Number of Variables.” Statistical Papers, 50, 711-720. 
Altman D, Bland J (1994). “Diagnostic Tests 3: Receiver Operating Charac- 
teristic Plots.” British Medical Journal, 309(6948), 188. 
Ambroise C, McLachlan G (2002). “Selection Bias in Gene Extraction on the 
Basis of Microarray Gene-Expression Data.” Proceedings of the National 
Academy of Sciences, 99(10), 6562-6566. 
Amit Y, Geman D (1997). “Shape Quantization and Recognition with Ran- 
domized Trees.” Neural Computation, 9, 1545-1588. 
Armitage P, Berry G (1994). Statistical Methods in Medical Research. Black- 
well Scientific Publications, Oxford, 3rd edition. 
Artis M, Ayuso M, Guillen M (2002). “Detection of Automobile Insurance 
Fraud with Discrete Choice Models and Misclassified Claims.” The Journal 
of Risk and Insurance, 69(3), 325-340. 
Austin P, Brunner L (2004). “Inflation of the Type I Error Rate When a 
Continuous Confounding Variable Is Categorized in Logistic Regression 
Analyses.” Statistics in Medicine, 23(7), 1159-1178. 
Ayres I (2007). Super Crunchers: Why Thinking-By-Numbers Is The New 
Way To Be Smart. Bantam. 
Barker M, Rayens W (2003). “Partial Least Squares for Discrimination.” Jour- 
nal of Chemometrics, 17(3), 166-173. 
Batista G, Prati R, Monard M (2004). “A Study of the Behavior of Several 
Methods for Balancing Machine Learning Training Data.” ACM SIGKDD 
Explorations Newsletter, 6(1), 20-29. 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 569 
DOI 10.1007 /978-1-4614-6849-3 , 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

570 References 
Bauer E, Kohavi R (1999). “An Empirical Comparison of Voting Classifica- 
tion Algorithms: Bagging, Boosting, and Variants.” Machine Learning, 36, 
105-142. 
Becton Dickinson and Company (1991). ProbeTec ET Chlamydia trachomatis 
and Neisseria gonorrhoeae Amplified DNA Assays (Package Insert). 
Ben-Dor A. Bruhn L, Friedman N, Nachman I, Schummer M, Yakhini Z 
(2000). “Tissue Classification with Gene Expression Profiles.” Journal of 
Computational Biology, 7(3), 559-583. 
Bentley J (1975). “Multidimensional Binary Search Trees Used for Associative 
Searching.” Communications of the ACM, 18(9), 509-517. 
Berglund A, Kettaneh N, Uppgard L, Wold S, DR NB, Cameron (2001). "The 
GIFI Approach to Non-Linear PLS Modeling.” Journal of Chemometrics, 
15, 321-356: 
Berglund A, Wold S (1997). “INLR, Implicit Non-Linear Latent Variable 
Regression.” Journal of Chemometrics, 11, 141-156. 
Bergmeir C, Benitez JM (2012). “Neural Networks in R Using the Stuttgart 
Neural Network Simulator: RSNNS.” Journal of Statistical Software, 46(7), 
126% 
Bergstra J, Casagrande N, Erhan D, Eck D, Kégl B (2006). “Aggregate 
Features and AdaBoost for Music Classification.” Machine Learning, 65, 
473-484. 
Berntsson P, Wold S (1986). “Comparison Between X-ray Crystallographic 
Data and Physiochemical Parameters with Respect to Their Informa- 
tion About the Calcium Channel Antagonist Activity of 4-Phenyl-1,4- 
Dihydropyridines.” Quantitative Structure-Activity Relationships, 5, 45-50. 
Bhanu B, Lin Y (2003). “Genetic Algorithm Based Feature Selection for Tar- 
get Detection in SAR Images.” Image and Vision Computing, 21, 591-608. 
Bishop C (1995). Neural Networks for Pattern Recognition. Oxford University 
Press, Oxford. 
Bishop C (2006). Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning. Springer. 
Bland J, Altman D (1995). “Statistics Notes: Multiple Significance Tests: The 
Bonferroni Method.” British Medical Journal, 310(6973), 170-170. 
Bland J, Altman D (2000). “The Odds Ratio.” British Medical Journal, 
320(7247), 1468. 
Bohachevsky I, Johnson M, Stein M (1986). “Generalized Simulated Anneal- 
ing for Function Optimization.” Technometrics, 28(3), 209-217. 
Bone R, Balk R, Cerra F, Dellinger R, Fein A, Knaus W, Schein R, Sibbald 
W (1992). “Definitions for Sepsis and Organ Failure and Guidelines for the 
Use of Innovative Therapies in Sepsis.” Chest, 101(6), 1644-1655. 
Boser B, Guyon I, Vapnik V (1992). “A Training Algorithm for Optimal Mar- 
gin Classifiers.” In “Proceedings of the Fifth Annual Workshop on Compu- 
tational Learning Theory,” pp. 144-152. 
Boulesteix A, Strobl C (2009). “Optimal Classifier Selection and Negative 
Bias in Error Rate Estimation: An Empirical Study on High—Dimensional 
Prediction.” BMC Medical Research Methodology, 9(1), 85. 

References yal 
Box G, Cox D (1964). “An Analysis of Transformations.” Journal of the Royal 
Statistical Society. Series B (Methodological), pp. 211-252. 
Box G, Hunter W, Hunter J (1978). Statistics for Experimenters. Wiley, New 
York. 
Box G, Tidwell P (1962). “Transformation of the Independent Variables.” 
Technometrics, 4(4), 531-550. 
Breiman L (1996a). “Bagging Predictors.” Machine Learning, 24(2), 123-140. 
Breiman L (1996b). “Heuristics of Instability and Stabilization in Model Se- 
lection.” The Annals of Statistics, 24(6), 2350-2383. 
Breiman L (1996c). “Technical Note: Some Properties of Splitting Criteria.” 
Machine Learning, 24(1), 41-47. 
Breiman L (1998). “Arcing Classifiers.” The Annals of Statistics, 26, 123-140. 
Breiman L (2000). “Randomizing Outputs to Increase Prediction Accuracy.” 
Mach. Learn., 40, 229-242. ISSN 0885-6125. 
Breiman L (2001). “Random Forests.” Machine Learning, 45, 5-32. 
Breiman L, Friedman J, Olshen R, Stone C (1984). Classification and Re- 
gression Trees. Chapman and Hall, New York. 
Bridle J (1990). “Probabilistic Interpretation of Feedforward Classifica- 
tion Network Outputs, with Relationships to Statistical Pattern Recogni- 
tion.” In “Neurocomputing: Algorithms, Architectures and Applications,” 
pp. 227-236. Springer-Verlag. 
Brillinger D (2004). “Some Data Analyses Using Mutual Information.” Brazil- 
ian Journal of Probability and Statistics, 18(6), 163-183. 
Brodnjak-Vonina D, Kodba Z, Novi M (2005). “Multivariate Data Analysis 
in Classification of Vegetable Oils Characterized by the Content of Fatty 
Acids.” Chemometrics and Intelligent Laboratory Systems, 75(1), 31-43. 
Brown C, Davis H (2006). “Receiver Operating Characteristics Curves and 
Related Decision Measures: A Tutorial.” Chemometrics and Intelligent Lab- 
oratory Systems, 80(1), 24-38. 
Bu G (2009). “Apolipoprotein E and Its Receptors in Alzheimer’s Dis- 
ease: Pathways, Pathogenesis and Therapy.” Nature Reviews Neuroscience, 
10(5), 333-344. 
Buckheit J, Donoho DL (1995). “WaveLab and Reproducible Research.” In 
A Antoniadis, G Oppenheim (eds.), “Wavelets in Statistics,” pp. 55-82. 
Springer-Verlag, New York. 
Burez J, Van den Poel D (2009). “Handling Class Imbalance In Customer 
Churn Prediction.” Expert Systems with Applications, 36(3), 4626-4636. 
Cancedda N, Gaussier E, Goutte C, Renders J (2003). “Word-Sequence Ker- 
nels.” The Journal of Machine Learning Research, 3, 1059-1082. 
Caputo B, Sim K, Furesjo F, Smola A (2002). “Appearance—Based Object 
Recognition Using SVMs: Which Kernel Should I Use?” In “Proceedings of 
NIPS Workshop on Statistical Methods for Computational Experiments in 
Visual Processing and Computer Vision,” . 

572 References 
Carolin C, Boulesteix A, Augustin T (2007). “Unbiased Split Selection for 
Classification Trees Based on the Gini Index.” Computational Statistics & 
Data Analysis, 52(1), 483-501. 
Castaldi P, Dahabreh I, Ioannidis J (2011). “An Empirical Assessment of 
Validation Practices for Molecular Classifiers.” Briefings in Bioinformatics, 
12(3), 189-202. 
Chambers J (2008). Software for Data Analysis: Programming with R. 
Springer. 
Chan K, Loh W (2004). “LOTUS: An Algorithm for Building Accurate and 
Comprehensible Logistic Regression Trees.” Journal of Computational and 
Graphical Statistics, 13(4), 826-852. 
Chang CC, Lin CJ (2011). “LIBSVM: A Library for Support Vector Ma- 
chines.” ACM Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology, 2, 27: 
(22. 
Chawla N, Bowyer K, Hall L, Kegelmeyer W (2002). “SMOTE: Synthetic 
Minority Over-Sampling Technique.” Journal of Artificial Intelligence Re- 
search, 16(1), 321-357. 
Chun H, Keles S (2010). “Sparse Partial Least Squares Regression for Si- 
multaneous Dimension Reduction and Variable Selection.” Journal of the 
Royal Statistical Society: Series B (Statistical Methodology), 72(1), 3-25. 
Chung D, Keles S (2010). “Sparse Partial Least Squares Classification for 
High Dimensional Data.” Statistical Applications in Genetics and Molecu- 
lar Biology, 9(1), 17. 
Clark R (1997). “OptiSim: An Extended Dissimilarity Selection Method for 
Finding Diverse Representative Subsets.” Journal of Chemical Information 
and Computer Sciences, 37(6), 1181-1188. 
Clark T (2004). “Can Out-of-Sample Forecast Comparisons Help Prevent 
Overfitting?” Journal of Forecasting, 23(2), 115-139. 
Clemmensen L, Hastie T, Witten D, Ersboll B (2011). “Sparse Discriminant 
Analysis.” Technometrics, 53(4), 406-413. 
Cleveland W (1979). “Robust Locally Weighted Regression and Smoothing 
Scatterplots.” Journal of the American Statistical Association, 74(368), 
829-836. 
Cleveland W, Devlin S (1988). “Locally Weighted Regression: An Approach to 
Regression Analysis by Local Fitting.” Journal of the American Statistical 
Association, pp. 596-610. 
Cohen G, Hilario M, Pellegrini C, Geissbuhler A (2005). “SVM Modeling via 
a Hybrid Genetic Strategy. A Health Care Application.” In R Engelbrecht, 
AGC Lovis (eds.), “Connecting Medical Informatics and Bio—Informatics,” 
pp. 193-198. IOS Press. 
Cohen J (1960). “A Coefficient of Agreement for Nominal Data.” Educational 
and Psychological Measurement, 20, 37-46. 
Cohn D, Atlas L, Ladner R (1994). “Improving Generalization with Active 
Learning.” Machine Learning, 15(2), 201-221. 

References BS} 
Cornell J (2002). Experiments with Mixtures: Designs, Models, and the Anal- 
ysis of Mixture Data. Wiley, New York, NY. 
Cortes C, Vapnik V (1995). “Support-Vector Networks.” Machine Learning, 
20(3), 273-297. 
Costa N, Lourenco J, Pereira Z (2011). “Desirability Function Approach: 
A Review and Performance Evaluation in Adverse Conditions.” Chemo- 
metrics and Intelligent Lab Systems, 107(2), 234-244. 
Cover TM, Thomas JA (2006). Elements of Information Theory. Wiley— 
Interscience. 
Craig-Schapiro R, Kuhn M, Xiong C, Pickering E, Liu J, Misko TP, Perrin 
R, Bales K, Soares H, Fagan A, Holtzman D (2011). “Multiplexed Im- 
munoassay Panel Identifies Novel CSF Biomarkers for Alzheimer’s Disease 
Diagnosis and Prognosis.” PLoS ONE, 6(4), e18850. 
Cruz-Monteagudo M, Borges F, Cordeiro MND (2011). “Jointly Handling 
Potency and Toxicity of Antimicrobial Peptidomimetics by Simple Rules 
from Desirability Theory and Chemoinformatics.” Journal of Chemical In- 
formation and Modeling, 51(12), 3060-3077. 
Davison M (1983). Multidimensional Scaling. John Wiley and Sons, Inc. 
Dayal B, MacGregor J (1997). “Improved PLS Algorithms.” Journal of 
Chemometrics, 11, 73-85. 
de Jong S (1993). “SIMPLS: An Alternative Approach to Partial Least 
Squares Regression.” Chemometrics and Intelligent Laboratory Systems, 
18, 251-263. 
de Jong S, Ter Braak C (1994). “Short Communication: Comments on the 
PLS Kernel Algorithm.” Journal of Chemometrics, 8, 169-174. 
de Leon M, Klunk W (2006). “Biomarkers for the Early Diagnosis of 
Alzheimer’s Disease.” The Lancet Neurology, 5(3), 198-199. 
Defernez M, Kemsley E (1997). “The Use and Misuse of Chemometrics for 
Treating Classification Problems.” TrAC Trends in Analytical Chemistry, 
16(4), 216-271; 
DeLong E, DeLong D, Clarke-Pearson D (1988). “Comparing the Areas Un- 
der Two Or More Correlated Receiver Operating Characteristic Curves: 
A Nonparametric Approach.” Biometrics, 44(3), 837-45. 
Derksen S, Keselman H (1992). “Backward, Forward and Stepwise Auto- 
mated Subset Selection Algorithms: Frequency of Obtaining Authentic and 
Noise Variables.” British Journal of Mathematical and Statistical Psychol- 
ogy, 45(2), 265=282. 
Derringer G, Suich R (1980). “Simultaneous Optimization of Several Response 
Variables.” Journal of Quality Technology, 12(4), 214-219. 
Dietterich T (2000). “An Experimental Comparison of Three Methods for 
Constructing Ensembles of Decision Trees: Bagging, Boosting, and Ran- 
domization.” Machine Learning, 40, 139-158. 
Dillon W, Goldstein M (1984). Multivariate Analysis: Methods and Applica- 
tions. Wiley, New York. 

574 References 
Dobson A (2002). An Introduction to Generalized Linear Models. Chapman 
& Hall/CRC. 
Drucker H, Burges C, Kaufman L, Smola A, Vapnik V (1997). “Support 
Vector Regression Machines.” Advances in Neural Information Processing 
Systems, pp. 155-161. 
Drummond C, Holte R (2000). “Explicitly Representing Expected Cost: An 
Alternative to ROC Representation.” In “Proceedings of the Sixth ACM 
SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Min- 
ing,” pp. 198-207. 
Duan K, Keerthi S (2005). “Which is the Best Multiclass SVM Method? An 
Empirical Study.” Multiple Classifier Systems, pp. 278-285. 
Dudoit S, Fridlyand J, Speed T (2002). “Comparison of Discrimination Meth- 
ods for the Classification of Tumors Using Gene Expression Data.” Journal 
of the American Statistical Association, 97(457), 77-87. 
Duhigg C (2012). “How Companies Learn Your Secrets.” The New 
York Times. URL http://www-.nytimes.com/2012/02/19/magazine/ 
shopping-habits.html. 
Dunn W, Wold S (1990). “Pattern Recognition Techniques in Drug Design.” 
In C Hansch, P Sammes, J Taylor (eds.), “Comprehensive Medicinal Chem- 
istry,” pp. 691-714. Pergamon Press, Oxford. 
Dwyer D (2005). “Examples of Overfitting Encountered When Building Pri- 
vate Firm Default Prediction Models.” Technical report, Moody’s KMV. 
Efron B (1983). “Estimating the Error Rate of a Prediction Rule: Improve- 
ment on Cross-Validation.” Journal of the American Statistical Associa- 
tion, pp. 316-331. 
Efron B, Hastie T, Johnstone I, Tibshirani R (2004). “Least Angle Regres- 
sion.” The Annals of Statistics, 32(2), 407-499. 
Efron B, Tibshirani R (1986). “Bootstrap Methods for Standard Errors, Con- 
fidence Intervals, and Other Measures of Statistical Accuracy.” Statistical 
Science, pp. 54-75. 
Efron B, Tibshirani R (1997). “Improvements on Cross—Validation: The 
632+ Bootstrap Method.” Journal of the American Statistical Association, 
92(438), 548-560. 
Eilers P, Boer J, van Ommen G, van Houwelingen H (2001). “Classification 
of Microarray Data with Penalized Logistic Regression.” In “Proceedings 
of SPIE,” volume 4266, p. 187. 
Eugster M, Hothorn T, Leisch F (2008). “Exploratory and Inferential Analysis 
of Benchmark Experiments.” Ludwigs-Maximilians-Universitdt Mtinchen, 
Department of Statistics, Tech. Rep, 30. 
Everitt B, Landau S, Leese M, Stahl D (2011). Cluster Analysis. Wiley. 
Ewald B (2006). “Post Hoc Choice of Cut Points Introduced Bias to Diag- 
nostic Research.” Journal of clinical epidemiology, 59(8), 798-801. 
Fanning K, Cogger K (1998). “Neural Network Detection of Management 
Fraud Using Published Financial Data.” International Journal of Intelli- 
gent Systems in Accounting, Finance & Management, 7(1), 21-41. 

References ie) 
Faraway J (2005). Linear Models with R. Chapman & Hall/CRC, Boca Raton. 
Fawcett T (2006). “An Introduction to ROC Analysis.” Pattern Recognition 
Letters, 27(8), 861-874. ; 
Fisher R (1936). “The Use of Multiple Measurements in Taxonomic Prob- 
lems.” Annals of Eugenics, 7(2), 179-188. 
Forina M, Casale M, Oliveri P, Lanteri 5 (2009). “CAIMAN brothers: A Fam- 
ily of Powerful Classification and Class Modeling Techniques.” Chemomet- 
rics and Intelligent Laboratory Systems, 96(2), 239-245. 
Frank E, Wang Y, Inglis S, Holmes G (1998). “Using Model Trees for Classi- 
fication.” Machine Learning. 
Frank E, Witten I (1998). “Generating Accurate Rule Sets Without Global 
Optimization.” Proceedings of the Fifteenth International Conference on 
Machine Learning, pp. 144-151. 
Free Software Foundation (June 2007). GNU General Public License. 
Freund Y (1995). “Boosting a Weak Learning Algorithm by Majority.” Infor- 
mation and Computation, 121, 256-285. 
Freund Y, Schapire R (1996). “Experiments with a New Boosting Algorithm.” 
Machine Learning: Proceedings of the Thirteenth International Conference, 
pp. 148-156. 
Friedman J (1989). “Regularized Discriminant Analysis.” Journal of the 
American Statistical Association, 84(405), 165-175. 
Friedman J (1991). “Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines.” The Annals 
of Statistics, 19(1), 1-141. 
Friedman J (2001). “Greedy Function Approximation: A Gradient Boosting 
Machine.” Annals of Statistics, 29(5), 1189-1232. 
Friedman J (2002). “Stochastic Gradient Boosting.” Computational Statistics 
and Data Analysis, 38(4), 367-378. 
Friedman J, Hastie T, Tibshirani R (2000). “Additive Logistic Regression: 
A Statistical View of Boosting.” Annals of Statistics, 38, 337-374. 
Friedman J, Hastie T, Tibshirani R (2010). “Regularization Paths for Gener- 
alized Linear Models via Coordinate Descent.” Journal of Statistical Soft- 
ware, B3(1), 1=22. 
Geisser S (1993). Predictive Inference: An Introduction. Chapman and Hall. 
Geladi P, Kowalski B (1986). “Partial Least-Squares Regression: A Tutorial.” 
Analytica Chimica Acta, 185, 1-17. 
Geladi P, Manley M, Lestander T (2003). “Scatter Plotting in Multivariate 
Data Analysis.” Journal of Chemometrics, 17(8-9), 503-511. 
Gentleman R (2008). R Programming for Bioinformatics. CRC Press. 
Gentleman R, Carey V, Bates D, Bolstad B, Dettling M, Dudoit S, Ellis 
B, Gautier L, Ge Y, Gentry J, Hornik K, Hothorn T, Huber M, Iacus 
S, Irizarry R, Leisch F, Li C, Machler M, Rossini A, Sawitzki G, Smith 
C, Smyth G, Tierney L, Yang JY, Zhang J (2004). “Bioconductor: Open 
Software Development for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics.” 
Genome Biology, 5(10), R80. 

576 References 
Giuliano K, DeBiasio R, Dunlay R, Gough A, Volosky J, Zock J, Pavlakis 
G, Taylor D (1997). “High—Content Screening: A New Approach to Easing 
Key Bottlenecks in the Drug Discovery Process.” Journal of Biomolecular 
Screening, 2(4), 249-259. 
Goldberg D (1989). Genetic Algorithms in Search, Optimization, and Ma- 
chine Learning. Addison-Wesley, Boston. 
Golub G, Heath M, Wahba G (1979). “Generalized Cross-Validation as a 
Method for Choosing a Good Ridge Parameter.” Technometrics, 21(2), 
215-223. 
Good P (2000). Permutation Tests: A Practical Guide to Resampling Methods 
for Testing Hypotheses. Springer. 
Gowen A, Downey G, Esquerre C, O’Donnell C (2010). “Preventing Over— 
Fitting in PLS Calibration Models of Near-Infrared (NIR) Spectroscopy 
Data Using Regression Coefficients.” Journal of Chemometrics, 25, 
375-381. 
Graybill F (1976). Theory and Application of the Linear Model. Wadsworth 
& Brooks, Pacific Grove, CA. 
Guo Y, Hastie T, Tibshirani R (2007). “Regularized Linear Discriminant 
Analysis and its Application in Microarrays.” Biostatistics, 8(1), 86-100. 
Gupta S, Hanssens D, Hardie B, Kahn W, Kumar V, Lin N, Ravishanker N, 
Sriram S (2006). “Modeling Customer Lifetime Value.” Journal of Service 
Research, 9(2), 139-155. 
Guyon I, Elisseeff A (2003). “An Introduction to Variable and Feature Selec- 
tion.” The Journal of Machine Learning Research, 3, 1157-1182. 
Guyon I, Weston J, Barnhill S$, Vapnik V (2002). “Gene Selection for Cancer 
Classification Using Support Vector Machines.” Machine Learning, 46(1), 
389-422. 
Hall M, Smith L (1997). “Feature Subset Selection: A Correlation Based Fil- 
ter Approach.” International Conference on Neural Information Processing 
and Intelligent Information Systems, pp. 855-858. 
Hall P, Hyndman R, Fan Y (2004). “Nonparametric Confidence Intervals for 
Receiver Operating Characteristic Curves.” Biometrika, 91, 743-750. 
Hampel H, Frank R, Broich K, Teipel S, Katz R, Hardy J, Herholz K, Bokde 
A, Jessen F, Hoessler Y (2010). “Biomarkers for Alzheimer’s Disease: Aca- 
demic, Industry and Regulatory Perspectives.” Nature Reviews Drug Dis- 
covery, 9(7), 560-574. 
Hand D, Till R (2001). “A Simple Generalisation of the Area Under the 
ROC Curve for Multiple Class Classification Problems.” Machine Learning, 
45(2), Lil=136: 
Hanley J, McNeil B (1982). “The Meaning .and Use of the Area under 
a Receiver Operating (ROC) Curvel Characteristic.” Radiology, 143(1), 
29-36. 
Hardle W, Werwatz A, Miiller M, Sperlich S, Hardle W, Werwatz A, Miiller 
M, Sperlich S (2004). “Nonparametric Density Estimation.” In “Nonpara- 
metric and Semiparametric Models,” pp. 39-83. Springer Berlin Heidelberg. 

References lyre Te 
Harrell F (2001). Regression Modeling Strategies: With Applications to Linear 
Models, Logistic Regression, and Survival Analysis. Springer, New York. 
Hastie T, Pregibon D (1990). “Shrinking Trees.” Technical report, AT&T Bell 
Laboratories Technical Report. 
Hastie T, Tibshirani R (1990). Generalized Additive Models. Chapman & 
Hall/CRC. 
Hastie T, Tibshirani R (1996). “Discriminant Analysis by Gaussian Mixtures.” 
Journal of the Royal Statistical Society. Series B, pp. 155-176. 
Hastie T, Tibshirani R, Buja A (1994). “Flexible Discriminant Analysis 
by Optimal Scoring.” Journal of the American Statistical Association, 
89(428), 1255-1270. 
Hastie T, Tibshirani R, Friedman J (2008). The Elements of Statistical Learn- 
ing: Data Mining, Inference and Prediction. Springer, 2 edition. 
Hawkins D (2004). “The Problem of Overfitting.” Journal of Chemical Infor- 
mation and Computer Sciences, 44(1), 1-12. 
Hawkins D, Basak S, Mills D (2003). “Assessing Model Fit by Cross— 
Validation.” Journal of Chemical Information and Computer Sciences, 
43(2), 579-586. 
Henderson H, Velleman P (1981). “Building Multiple Regression Models In- 
teractively.” Biometrics, pp. 391-411. 
Hesterberg T, Choi N, Meier L, Fraley C (2008). “Least Angle and L, Penal- 
ized Regression: A Review.” Statistics Surveys, 2, 61-93. 
Heyman R, Slep A (2001). “The Hazards of Predicting Divorce Without 
Cross-validation.” Journal of Marriage and the Family, 63(2), 473. 
Hill A, LaPan P, Li Y, Haney S (2007). “Impact of Image Segmentation on 
High—Content Screening Data Quality for SK—-BR-3 Cells.” BMC Bioinfor- 
matics, 8(1), 340. 
Ho T (1998). “The Random Subspace Method for Constructing Decision 
Forests.” JEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, 
13, 340-354. 
Hoerl A (1970). “Ridge Regression: Biased Estimation for Nonorthogonal 
Problems.” Technometrics, 12(1), 55-67. 
Holland J (1975). Adaptation in Natural and Artificial Systems. University 
of Michigan Press, Ann Arbor, MI. 
Holland J (1992). Adaptation in Natural and Artificial Systems. MIT Press, 
Cambridge, MA. 
Holmes G, Hall M, Frank E (1993). “Generating Rule Sets from Model Trees.” 
In “Australian Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence,” . 
Hothorn T, Hornik K, Zeileis A (2006). “Unbiased Recursive Partitioning: A 
Conditional Inference Framework.” Journal of Computational and Graph- 
ical Statistics, 15(3), 651-674. 
Hothorn T, Leisch F, Zeileis A, Hornik K (2005). “The Design and Analy- 
sis of Benchmark Experiments.” Journal of Computational and Graphical 
Statistics, 14(3), 675-699. 

578 References 
Hsieh W, Tang B (1998). “Applying Neural Network Models to Prediction and 
Data Analysis in Meteorology and Oceanography.” Bulletin of the Ameri- 
can Meteorological Society, 79(9), 1855-1870. 
Hsu C, Lin C (2002). “A Comparison of Methods for Multiclass Sup- 
port Vector Machines.” IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks, 13(2), 
415-425. 
Huang C, Chang B, Cheng D, Chang C (2012). “Feature Selection and Param- 
eter Optimization of a Fuzzy-Based Stock Selection Model Using Genetic 
Algorithms.” International Journal of Fuzzy Systems, 14(1), 65-75. 
Huuskonen J (2000). “Estimation of Aqueous Solubility for a Diverse Set of 
Organic Compounds Based on Molecular Topology.” Journal of Chemical 
Information and Computer Sciences, 40(3), 773-777. 
Ihaka R, Gentleman R (1996). “R: A Language for Data Analysis and Graph- 
ics.” Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics, 5(3), 299-314. 
Jeatrakul P, Wong K, Fung C (2010). “Classification of Imbalanced Data By 
Combining the Complementary Neural Network and SMOTE Algorithm.” 
Neural Information Processing. Models and Applications, pp. 152-159. 
Jerez J, Molina I, Garcia-Laencina P, Alba R, Ribelles N, Martin M, Franco 
L (2010). “Missing Data Imputation Using Statistical and Machine Learn- 
ing Methods in a Real Breast Cancer Problem.” Artificial Intelligence in 
Medicine, 50, 105-115. 
John G, Kohavi R, Pfleger K (1994). “Irrelevant Features and the Subset 
Selection Problem.” Proceedings of the Eleventh International Conference 
on Machine Learning, 129, 121-129. 
Johnson K, Rayens W (2007). “Modern Classification Methods for Drug Dis- 
covery.” In A Dmitrienko, C Chuang-Stein, R D’Agostino (eds.), “Pharma- 
ceutical Statistics Using SAS: A Practical Guide,” pp. 7-43. Cary, NC: SAS 
Institute Inc. 
Johnson R, Wichern D (2001). Applied Multivariate Statistical Analysis. 
Prentice Hall. 
Jolliffe I, Trendafilov N, Uddin M (2003). “A Modified Principal Component 
Technique Based on the lasso.” Journal of Computational and Graphical 
Statistics, 12(3), 531-547. 
Kansy M, Senner F, Gubernator K (1998). “Physiochemical High Throughput 
Screening: Parallel Artificial Membrane Permeation Assay in the Descrip- 
tion of Passive Absorption Processes.” Journal of Medicinal Chemistry, 41, 
1007-1010. 
Karatzoglou A, Smola A, Hornik K, Zeileis A (2004). “kernlab - An S4 Package 
for Kernel Methods in R.” Journal of Statistical Software, 11(9), 1-20. 
Kearns M, Valiant L (1989). “Cryptographic Limitations on Learning Boolean 
Formulae and Finite Automata.” In “Proceedings of the Twenty-First An- 
nual ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing,” . 
Kim J, Basak J, Holtzman D (2009). “The Role of Apolipoprotein E in 
Alzheimer’s Disease.” Neuron, 63(3), 287-303. 

References 579 
Kim JH (2009). “Estimating Classification Error Rate: Repeated Cross 
Validation, Repeated Hold—Out and Bootstrap.” Computational Statistics 
& Data Analysis, 53(11), 3735-3745. 
Kimball A (1957). “Errors of the Third Kind in Statistical Consulting.” Jour- 
nal of the American Statistical Association, 52, 133-142. 
Kira K, Rendell L (1992). “The Feature Selection Problem: Traditional Meth- 
ods and a New Algorithm.” Proceedings of the National Conference on Ar- 
tificial Intelligence, pp. 129-129. 
Kline DM, Berardi VL (2005). “Revisiting Squared—Error and Cross—Entropy 
Functions for Training Neural Network Classifiers.” Neural Computing and 
Applications, 14(4), 310-318. 
Kohavi R (1995). “A Study of Cross-Validation and Bootstrap for Accuracy 
Estimation and Model Selection.” International Joint Conference on Arti- 
ficial Intelligence, 14, 1137-1145. 
Kohavi R (1996). “Scaling Up the Accuracy of Naive-Bayes Classifiers: A 
Decision—Tree Hybrid.” In “Proceedings of the second international confer- 
ence on knowledge discovery and data mining,” volume 7. 
Kohonen T (1995). Self-Organizing Maps. Springer. 
Kononenko I (1994). “Estimating Attributes: Analysis and Extensions of Re- 
lief.” In F Bergadano, L De Raedt (eds.), “Machine Learning: ECML-94,” 
volume 784, pp. 171-182. Springer Berlin / Heidelberg. 
Kuhn M (2008). “Building Predictive Models in R Using the caret Package.” 
Journal of Statistical Software, 28(5). 
Kuhn M (2010). “The caret Package Homepage.” URL http://caret.r-forge. 
r-project.org/. 
Kuiper S (2008). “Introduction to Multiple Regression: How Much Is Your 
Car Worth?” Journal of Statistics Education, 16(3). 
Kvalseth T (1985). “Cautionary Note About R?.” American Statistician, 
39(4), 279-285. 
Lachiche N, Flach P (2003). “Improving Accuracy and Cost of Two-Class 
and Multi-Class Probabilistic Classifiers using ROC Curves.” In “Proceed- 
ings of the Twentieth International Conference on Machine Learning,” vol- 
ume 20, pp. 416-424. 
Larose D (2006). Data Mining Methods and Models. Wiley. 
Lavine B, Davidson C, Moores A (2002). “Innovative Genetic Algorithms 
for Chemoinformatics.” Chemometrics and Intelligent Laboratory Systems, 
60(1), 161-171. 
Leach A, Gillet V (2003). An Introduction to Chemoinformatics. Springer. 
Leisch F (2002a). “Sweave: Dynamic Generation of Statistical Reports Using 
Literate Data Analysis.” In W Hardle, B Ronz (eds.), “Compstat 2002 
— Proceedings in Computational Statistics,” pp. 575-580. Physica Verlag, 
Heidelberg. 
Leisch F (2002b). “Sweave, Part I: Mixing R and AT px.” R News, 2(3), 28-31. 
Levy S (2010). “The AI Revolution is On.” Wired. 

580 References 
Li J, Fine JP (2008). “ROC Analysis with Multiple Classes and Multiple 
Tests: Methodology and Its Application in Microarray Studies.” Brostatis- 
tics, 9(3), 566-576. 
Lindgren F, Geladi P, Wold S (1993). “The Kernel Algorithm for PLS.” Jour- 
nal of Chemometrics, 7, 45-59. 
Ling C, Li C (1998). “Data Mining for Direct Marketing: Problems and solu- 
tions.” In “Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Knowl- 
edge Discovery and Data Mining,” pp. 73-79. 
Lipinski C, Lombardo F, Dominy B, Feeney P (1997). “Experimental and 
Computational Approaches To Estimate Solubility and Permeability In 
Drug Discovery and Development Settings.” Advanced Drug Delivery Re- 
views, 23, 3—25. 
Liu B (2007). Web Data Mining. Springer Berlin / Heidelberg. 
Liu Y, Rayens W (2007). “PLS and Dimension Reduction for Classification.” 
Computational Statistics, pp. 189-208. 
Lo V (2002). “The True Lift Model: A Novel Data Mining Approach To 
Response Modeling in Database Marketing.” ACM SIGKDD Explorations 
Newsletter, 4(2), 78-86. 
Lodhi H, Saunders C, Shawe-Taylor J, Cristianini N, Watkins C (2002). “Text 
Classification Using String Kernels.” The Journal of Machine Learning Re- 
search, 2, 419-444. 
Loh WY (2002). “Regression Trees With Unbiased Variable Selection and 
Interaction Detection.” Statistica Sinica, 12, 361-386. 
Loh WY (2010). “Tree-Structured Classifiers.” Wiley Interdisciplinary Re- 
views: Computational Statistics, 2, 364-369. 
Loh WY, Shih YS (1997). “Split Selection Methods for Classification Trees.” 
Statistica Sinica, 7, 815-840. 
Mahé P, Ueda N, Akutsu T, Perret J, Vert J (2005). “Graph Kernels for 
Molecular Structure—Activity Relationship Analysis with Support Vector 
Machines.” Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling, 45(4), 939-951. 
Mahé P, Vert J (2009). “Graph Kernels Based on Tree Patterns for Molecules.” 
Machine Learning, 75(1), 3-35. 
Maindonald J, Braun J (2007). Data Analysis and Graphics Using R. Cam- 
bridge University Press, 2nd edition. 
Mandal A, Johnson K, Wu C, Bornemeier D (2007). “Identifying Promising 
Compounds in Drug Discovery: Genetic Algorithms and Some New Statis- 
tical Techniques.” Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling, 47(3), 
981-988. 
Mandal A, Wu C, Johnson K (2006). “SELC: Sequential Elimination of Level 
Combinations by Means of Modified Genetic Algorithms.” Technometrics, 
48(2), 273-283. 
Martin J, Hirschberg D (1996). “Small Sample Statistics for Classification 
Error Rates I: Error Rate Measurements.” Department of Informatics and 
Computer Science Technical Report. 

References 581 
Martin T, Harten P, Young D, Muratov E, Golbraikh A, Zhu H, Tropsha 
A (2012). “Does Rational Selection of Training and Test Sets Improve the 
Outcome of QSAR Modeling?” Journal of Chemical Information and Mod- 
eling, 52(10), 2570-2578. 
Massy W (1965). “Principal Components Regression in Exploratory Sta- 
tistical Research.” Journal of the American Statistical Association, 60, 
234246. 
McCarren P, Springer C, Whitehead L (2011). “An Investigation into Phar- 
maceutically Relevant Mutagenicity Data and the Influence on Ames Pre- 
dictive Potential.” Journal of Cheminformatics, 3(51). 
McClish D (1989). “Analyzing a Portion of the ROC Curve.” Medical Decision 
Making, 9, 190-195. 
Melssen W, Wehrens R, Buydens L (2006). “Supervised Kohonen Networks 
for Classification Problems.” Chemometrics and Intelligent Laboratory Sys- 
tems, 83(2), 99-113. 
Mente 5, Lombardo F (2005). “A Recursive—Partitioning Model for Blood— 
Brain Barrier Permeation.” Journal of Computer—Aided Molecular Design, 
19(7), 465-481. 
Menze B, Kelm B, Splitthoff D, Koethe U, Hamprecht F (2011). “On 
Oblique Random Forests.” Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in 
Databases, pp. 453-469. 
Mevik B, Wehrens R (2007). “The pls Package: Principal Component and 
Partial Least Squares Regression in R.” Journal of Statistical Software, 
18(2), 1-24. 
Michailidis G, de Leeuw J (1998). “The Gifi System Of Descriptive Multi- 
variate Analysis.” Statistical Science, 13, 307-336. 
Milborrow S (2012). Notes On the earth Package. URL http://cran.r- project. 
org/package=earth. 
Min S, Lee J, Han I (2006). “Hybrid Genetic Algorithms and Support Vector 
Machines for Bankruptcy Prediction.” Expert Systems with Applications, 
B13), 692-660; 
Mitchell M (1998). An Introduction to Genetic Algorithms. MIT Press. 
Molinaro A (2005). “Prediction Error Estimation: A Comparison of Resam- 
pling Methods.” Bioinformatics, 21(15), 3301-3307. 
Molinaro A, Lostritto K, Van Der Laan M (2010). “partDSA: Dele- 
tion/Substitution/ Addition Algorithm for Partitioning the Covariate Space 
in Prediction.” Bioinformatics, 26(10), 1357-1363. 
Montgomery D, Runger G (1993). “Gauge Capability and Designed Experi- 
ments. Part I: Basic Methods.” Quality Engineering, 6(1), 115-135. 
Muenchen R (2009). R for SAS and SPSS Users. Springer. 
Myers R. (1994). Classical and Modern Regression with Applications. PWS- 
KENT Publishing Company, Boston, MA, second edition. 
Myers R, Montgomery D (2009). Response Surface Methodology: Process and 
Product Optimization Using Designed Experiments. Wiley, New York, NY. 
Neal R (1996). Bayesian Learning for Neural Networks. Springer-Verlag. 

582 References 
Nelder J, Mead R (1965). “A Simplex Method for Function Minimization.” 
The Computer Journal, 7(4), 308-313. 
Netzeva T, Worth A, Aldenberg T, Benigni R, Cronin M, Gramatica P, 
Jaworska J, Kahn S, Klopman G, Marchant C (2005). “Current Sta- 
tus of Methods for Defining the Applicability Domain of (Quantitative) 
Structure-Activity Relationships.” In “The Report and Recommendations 
of European Centre for the Validation of Alternative Methods Workshop 
52,7 volume so. pp. 1=19: 
Niblett T (1987). “Constructing Decision Trees in Noisy Domains.” In 
I Bratko, N Lavraé (eds.), “Progress in Machine Learning: Proceedings 
of EWSL-87,” pp. 67-78. Sigma Press, Bled, Yugoslavia. 
Olden J, Jackson D (2000). “Torturing Data for the Sake of Generality: How 
Valid Are Our Regression Models?” Ecoscience, 7(4), 501-510. 
Olsson D, Nelson L (1975). “The Nelder-Mead Simplex Procedure for Func- 
tion Minimization.” Technometrics, 17(1), 45-51. 
Osuna E, Freund R, Girosi F (1997). “Support Vector Machines: Training and 
Applications.” Technical report, MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. 
Ozuysal M, Calonder M, Lepetit V, Fua P (2010). “Fast Keypoint Recogni- 
tion Using Random Ferns.” [EEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and 
Machine Intelligence, 32(3), 448-461. 
Park M, Hastie T (2008). “Penalized Logistic Regression for Detecting Gene 
Interactions.” Biostatistics, 9(1), 30. 
Pepe MS, Longton G, Janes H (2009). “Estimation and Comparison of Re- 
ceiver Operating Characteristic Curves.” Stata Journal, 9(1), 1-16. 
Perrone M, Cooper L (1993). “When Networks Disagree: Ensemble Methods 
for Hybrid Neural Networks.” In RJ Mammone (ed.), “Artificial Neural 
Networks for Speech and Vision,” pp. 126-142. Chapman & Hall, London. 
Piersma A, Genschow E, Verhoef A, Spanjersberg M, Brown N, Brady M, 
Burns A, Clemann N, Seiler A, Spielmann H (2004). “Validation of the 
Postimplantation Rat Whole-embryo Culture Test in the International EC- 
VAM Validation Study on Three In Vitro Embryotoxicity Tests.” Alterna- 
tives to Laboratory Animals, 32, 275-307. 
Platt J (2000). “Probabilistic Outputs for Support Vector Machines and Com- 
parison to Regularized Likelihood Methods.” In B Bartlett, B Schélkopf, 
D Schuurmans, A Smola (eds.), “Advances in Kernel Methods Support 
Vector Learning,” pp. 61-74. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press. 
Provost F, Domingos P (2003). “Tree Induction for Probability-Based Rank- 
ing.” Machine Learning, 52(3), 199-215. 
Provost F, Fawcett T, Kohavi R (1998). “The Case Against Accuracy Esti- 
mation for Comparing Induction Algorithms.” Proceedings of the Fifteenth 
International Conference on Machine Learning, pp. 445-453. 
Quinlan R (1987). “Simplifying Decision Trees.” International Journal of 
Man-Machine Studies, 27(3), 221-234. 
Quinlan R (1992). “Learning with Continuous Classes.” Proceedings of the 
5th Australian Joint Conference On Artificial Intelligence, pp. 343-348. 

References 583 
Quinlan R (1993a). “Combining Instance-Based and Model-Based Learning.” 
Proceedings of the Tenth International Conference on Machine Learning, 
pp: 236-243. : 
Quinlan R (1993b). C4.5: Programs for Machine Learning. Morgan Kaufmann 
Publishers. 
Quinlan R (1996a). “Bagging, Boosting, and C4.5.” In “In Proceedings of the 
Thirteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence,” . 
Quinlan R (1996b). “Improved use of continuous attributes in C4.5.” Journal 
of Artificial Intelligence Research, 4, 77-90. 
Quinlan R, Rivest R (1989). “Inferring Decision Trees Using the Mini- 
mum Description Length Principle.” Information and computation, 80(3), 
227-248. 
Radcliffe N, Surry P (2011). “Real-World Uplift Modelling With Significance— 
Based Uplift Trees.” Technical report, Stochastic Solutions. 
Rannar S, Lindgren F, Geladi P, Wold S (1994). “A PLS Kernel Algorithm 
for Data Sets with Many Variables and Fewer Objects. Part 1: Theory and 
Algorithm.” Journal of Chemometrics, 8, 111-125. 
R Development Core Team (2008). R: Regulatory Compliance and Validation 
Issues A Guidance Document for the Use of R in Regulated Clinical Trial 
Environments. R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, Austria. 
R Development Core Team (2010). R: A Language and Environment for 
Statistical Computing. R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, 
Austria. 
Reshef D, Reshef Y, Finucane H, Grossman S, McVean G, Turnbaugh P, 
Lander E, Mitzenmacher M, Sabeti P (2011). “Detecting Novel Associations 
in Large Data Sets.” Science, 334(6062), 1518-1524. 
Richardson M, Dominowska E, Ragno R (2007). “Predicting Clicks: Estimat- 
ing the Click-Through Rate for New Ads.” In “Proceedings of the 16” 
International Conference on the World Wide Web,” pp. 521-530. 
Ridgeway G (2007). “Generalized Boosted Models: A Guide to the gbm Pack- 
age.” URL http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/gbm/vignettes/gbm. 
pdf. 
Ripley B (1995). “Statistical Ideas for Selecting Network Architectures.” 
Neural Networks: Artificial Intelligence and Industrial Applications, 
pp. 183-190. 
Ripley B (1996). Pattern Recognition and Neural Networks. Cambridge Uni- 
versity Press. 
Robin X, Turck N, Hainard A, Tiberti N, Lisacek F, Sanchez JC, Muller 
M (2011). “pROC: an open-source package for R and S+ to analyze and 
compare ROC curves.” BMC Bioinformatics, 12(1), 77. 
Robnik-Sikonja M, Kononenko I (1997). “An Adaptation of Relief for At- 
tribute Estimation in Regression.” Proceedings of the Fourteenth Interna- 
tional Conference on Machine Learning, pp. 296-304. 
Rodriguez M (2011). “The Failure of Predictive Modeling and Why We Follow 
the Herd.” Technical report, Concepcion, Martinez & Bellido. 

584 References 
Ruczinski I, Kooperberg C, Leblanc M (2003). “Logic Regression.” Journal 
of Computational and Graphical Statistics, 12(3), 475-511. 
Rumelhart D, Hinton G, Williams R (1986). “Learning Internal Representa- 
tions by Error Propagation.” In “Parallel Distributed Processing: Explo- 
rations in the Microstructure of Cognition,” The MIT Press. 
Rzepakowski P, Jaroszewicz S (2012). “Uplift Modeling in Direct Marketing.” 
Journal of Telecommunications and Information Technology, 2, 43-50. 
Saar-Tsechansky M, Provost F (2007a). “Decision—Centric Active Learning 
of Binary—Outcome Models.” Information Systems Research, 18(1), 4-22. 
Saar-Tsechansky M, Provost F (2007b). “Handling Missing Values When Ap- 
plying Classification Models.” Journal of Machine Learning Research, 8, 
1625-1657, 
Saeys Y, Inza I, Larranaga P (2007). “A Review of Feature Selection Tech- 
niques in Bioinformatics.” Bioinformatics, 23(19), 2507-2517. 
Schapire R (1990). “The Strength of Weak Learnability.” Machine Learning, 
AS; 197-227. 
Schapire YFR (1999). “Adaptive Game Playing Using Multiplicative 
Weights.” Games and Economic Behavior, 29, 79-103. 
Schmidberger M, Morgan M, Eddelbuettel D, Yu H, Tierney L, Mansmann 
U (2009). “State-of-the-Art in Parallel Computing with R.” Journal of 
Statistical Software, 31(1). 
Serneels S, Nolf ED, Espen PV (2006). “Spatial Sign Pre-processing: A Simple 
Way to Impart Moderate Robustness to Multivariate Estimators.” Journal 
of Chemical Information and Modeling, 46(3), 1402-1409. 
Shachtman N (2011). “Pentagon’s Prediction Software Didn’t Spot Egypt 
Unrest.” Wired. 
Shannon C (1948). “A Mathematical Theory of Communication.” The Bell 
System Technical Journal, 27(3), 379-423. 
Siegel E (2011). “Uplift Modeling: Predictive Analytics Can’t Optimize Mar- 
keting Decisions Without It.” Technical report, Prediction lnpact Inc. 
Simon R, Radmacher M, Dobbin K, McShane L (2003). “Pitfalls in the Use 
of DNA Microarray Data for Diagnostic and Prognostic Classification.” 
Journal of the National Cancer Institute, 95(1), 14-18. 
Smola A (1996). “Regression Estimation with Support Vector Learning Ma- 
chines.” Master’s thesis, Technische Universit at Munchen. 
Spector P (2008). Data Manipulation with R. Springer. 
Steyerberg E (2010). Clinical Prediction Models: A Practical Approach to 
Development, Validation, and Updating. Springer, 1st ed. softcover of orig. 
ed. 2009 edition. 
Stone M, Brooks R (1990). “Continuum Regression: Cross-validated Sequen- 
tially Constructed Prediction Embracing Ordinary Least Squares, Partial 
Least Squares, and Principal Component Regression.” Journal of the Royal 
Statistical Society, Series B, 52, 237-269. 

References 585 
Strobl C, Boulesteix A, Zeileis A, Hothorn T (2007). “Bias in Random Forest 
Variable Importance Measures: Illustrations, Sources and a Solution.” BMC 
Bioinformatics, 8(1), 25. 
Suykens J, Vandewalle J (1999). “Least Squares Support Vector Machine 
Classifiers.” Neural processing letters, 9(3), 293-300. 
Tetko I, Tanchuk V, Kasheva T, Villa A (2001). “Estimation of Aqueous Solu- 
bility of Chemical Compounds Using E-State Indices.” Journal of Chemical 
Information and Computer Sciences, 41(6), 1488-1493. 
Tibshirani R (1996). “Regression Shrinkage and Selection via the lasso.” 
Journal of the Royal Statistical Society Series B (Methodological), 58(1), 
267-288. 
Tibshirani R, Hastie T, Narasimhan B, Chu G (2002). “Diagnosis of Multiple 
Cancer Types by Shrunken Centroids of Gene Expression.” Proceedings of 
the National Academy of Sciences, 99(10), 6567-6572. 
Tibshirani R, Hastie T, Narasimhan B, Chu G (2003). “Class Prediction 
by Nearest Shrunken Centroids, with Applications to DNA Microarrays.” 
Statistical Science, 18(1), 104-117. 
Ting K (2002). “An Instance-Weighting Method to Induce Cost—Sensitive 
Trees.” IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering, 14(3), 
659-665. 
Tipping M (2001). “Sparse Bayesian Learning and the Relevance Vector Ma- 
chine.” Journal of Machine Learning Research, 1, 211-244. 
Titterington M (2010). “Neural Networks.” Wiley Interdisciplinary Reviews: 
Computational Statistics, 2(1), 1-8. 
Troyanskaya O, Cantor M, Sherlock G, Brown P, Hastie T, Tibshirani R, 
Botstein D, Altman R (2001). “Missing Value Estimation Methods for DNA 
Microarrays.” Bioinformatics, 17(6), 520-525. 
Tumer K, Ghosh J (1996). “Analysis of Decision Boundaries in Linearly Com- 
bined Neural Classifiers.” Pattern Recognition, 29(2), 341-348. 
US Commodity Futures Trading Commission and US Securities & Exchange 
Commission (2010). Findings Regarding the Market Events of May 6, 2010. 
Valiant L (1984). “A Theory of the Learnable.” Communications of the ACM, 
27, 1134-1142. 
Van Der Putten P, Van Someren M (2004). “A Bias-Variance Analysis of a 
Real World Learning Problem: The CoIL Challenge 2000.” Machine Learn- 
ino, OL), UT r—195. 
Van Hulse J, Khoshgoftaar T, Napolitano A (2007). “Experimental Perspec- 
tives On Learning From Imbalanced Data.” In “Proceedings of the 24‘ 
International Conference On Machine learning,” pp. 935-942. 
Vapnik V (2010). The Nature of Statistical Learning Theory. Springer. 
Varma S, Simon R. (2006). “Bias in Error Estimation When Using Cross— 
Validation for Model Selection.” BMC Bioinformatics, 7(1), 91. 
Varmuza K, He P, Fang K (2003). “Boosting Applied to Classification of Mass 
Spectral Data.” Journal of Data Science, 1, 391-404. 
Venables W, Ripley B (2002). Modern Applied Statistics with S. Springer. 

586 References 
Venables W, Smith D, the R Development Core Team (2003). An Introduction 
to R. R Foundation for Statistical Computing, Vienna, Austria, version 
1.6.2 edition. ISBN 3-901167-55-2, URL http://www.R-project.org. 
Venkatraman E (2000). “A Permutation Test to Compare Receiver Operating 
Characteristic Curves.” Biometrics, 56(4), 1134-1138. 
Veropoulos K, Campbell C, Cristianini N (1999). “Controlling the Sensitiv- 
ity of Support Vector Machines.” Proceedings of the International Joint 
Conference on Artificial Intelligence, 1999, 55-60. 
Verzani J (2002). “simpleR — Using R for Introductory Statistics.” URL http:// 
www.math.csi.cuny.edu/Statistics/R/simpleR. 
Wager TT, Hou X, Verhoest PR, Villalobos A (2010). “Moving Beyond Rules: 
The Development of a Central Nervous System Multiparameter Optimiza- 
tion (CNS MPO) Approach To Enable Alignment of Druglike Properties.” 
ACS Chemical Neuroscience, 1(6), 435-449. 
Wallace C (2005). Statistical and Inductive Inference by Minimum Message 
Length. Springer-Verlag. 
Wang C, Venkatesh S (1984). “Optimal Stopping and Effective Machine Com- 
plexity in Learning.” Advances in NIPS, pp. 303-310. 
Wang Y, Witten I (1997). “Inducing Model Trees for Continuous Classes.” 
Proceedings of the Ninth European Conference on Machine Learning, pp. 
f28-1397: 
Weiss G, Provost F (200la). “The Effect of Class Distribution on Classifier 
Learning: An Empirical Study.” Department of Computer Science, Rutgers 
University. 
Weiss G, Provost F (2001b). “The Effect of Class Distribution On Classifier 
Learning: An Empirical Study.” Technical Report ML-TR-44, Department 
of Computer Science, Rutgers University. 
Welch B (1939). “Note on Discriminant Functions.” Biometrika, 31, 218-220. 
Westfall P, Young S (1993). Resampling-Based Multiple Testing: Examples 
and Methods for P-Value Adjustment. Wiley. 
Westphal C (2008). Data Mining for Intelligence, Fraud & Criminal Detec- 
tion: Advanced Analytics & Information Sharing Technologies. CRC Press. 
Whittingham M, Stephens P, Bradbury R, Freckleton R (2006). “Why Do 
We Still Use Stepwise Modelling in Ecology and Behaviour?” Journal of 
Animal Ecology, 75(5), 1182-1189. 
Willett P (1999). “Dissimilarity-Based Algorithms for Selecting Structurally 
Diverse Sets of Compounds.” Journal of Computational Biology, 6(3), 
447-457. 
Williams G (2011). Data Mining with Rattle and R: The Art of Excavating 
Data for Knowledge Discovery. Springer. 
Witten D, Tibshirani R (2009). “Covariance-Regularized Regression and 
Classification For High Dimensional Problems.” Journal of the Royal Sta- 
tistical Society. Series B (Statistical Methodology), 71(3), 615-636. 

References 587 
Witten D, Tibshirani R (2011). “Penalized Classification Using Fisher’s Lin- 
ear Discriminant.” Journal of the Royal Statistical Society. Series B (Sta- 
tistical Methodology), 73(5), 753-772. 
Wold H (1966). “Estimation of Principal Components and Related Models by 
Iterative Least Squares.” In P Krishnaiah (ed.), “Multivariate Analyses,” 
pp. 391-420. Academic Press, New York. 
Wold H (1982). “Soft Modeling: The Basic Design and Some Extensions.” In 
K Joreskog, H Wold (eds.), “Systems Under Indirect Observation: Causal- 
ity, Structure, Prediction,” pt. 2, pp. 1-54. North-Holland, Amsterdam. 
Wold S (1995). “PLS for Multivariate Linear Modeling.” In H van de Water- 
beemd (ed.), “Chemometric Methods in Molecular Design,” pp. 195-218. 
VCH, Weinheim. 
Wold S, Johansson M, Cocchi M (1993). “PLS—Partial Least-Squares Projec- 
tions to Latent Structures.” In H Kubinyi (ed.), “3D QSAR in Drug Design,” 
volume 1, pp. 523-550. Kluwer Academic Publishers, The Netherlands. 
fold S, Martens H, Wold H (1983). “The Multivariate Calibration Prob- 
lem in Chemistry Solved by the PLS Method.” In “Proceedings from the 
Conference on Matrix Pencils,” Springer-Verlag, Heidelberg. 
Wolpert D (1996). “The Lack of a priori Distinctions Between Learning Al- 
gorithms.” Neural Computation, 8(7), 1341-1390. 
Yeh I (1998). “Modeling of Strength of High-Performance Concrete Us- 
ing Artificial Neural Networks.” Cement and Concrete research, 28(12), 
1797-1808. 
Yeh I (2006). “Analysis of Strength of Concrete Using Design of Experi- 
ments and Neural Networks.” Journal of Materials in Civil Engineering, 
18, 597-604. 
Youden W (1950). “Index for Rating Diagnostic Tests.” Cancer, 3(1), 32-35. 
Zadrozny B, Elkan C (2001). “Obtaining Calibrated Probability Estimates 
from Decision Trees and Naive Bayesian Classifiers.” In “Proceedings of the 
18th International Conference on Machine Learning,” pp. 609-616. Morgan 
Kaufmann. 
Zeileis A, Hothorn T, Hornik K (2008). “Model-Based Recursive Partition- 
ing.” Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics, 17(2), 492-514. 
Zhu J, Hastie T (2005). “Kernel Logistic Regression and the Import Vec- 
tor Machine.” Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics, 14(1), 
185-205. 
Zou H, Hastie T (2005). “Regularization and Variable Selection via the Elastic 
Net.” Journal of the Royal Statistical Society, Series B, 67(2), 301-320. 
Zou H, Hastie T, Tibshirani R (2004). “Sparse Principal Component Analy- 
sis.” Journal of Computational and Graphical Statistics, 15, 2006. 

en a eee 
7 oe. _ 
Manan’ «>= -— » od > ‘Y oe 
wae po 2S eS 
Nog res i} 
i a ee 10 
a 

Indicies 


Computing 
Alternative Cutoffs, 438-439 
Between—Model comparisons, 
87-89 
Bioconductor, 552 
Bootstrap, 415 
Case Studies 
Alzheimer’s Disease, 511-518 
Cars, 56-58 
Cell Segmentation, 51—56, 
480-484 
German Credit, 85-89 
Grant Applications, 308-326, 
359-366, 400-411, 
415-417 
Insurance Policies, 435-442 
Job Scheduling, 457-460 
Solubility, 128-136, 162-168, 
213-218, 478-480, 
541—542 
Class Probabilities, 563 
Collinearity, 311 
Comprehensive R Archive 
Network (CRAN), 
§51—553 
Confusion Matrix, 51, 268 
Cost—Sensitive Training, 440-442 
Creating dummy variables, 56-58 
Data Splitting, 81-82 
Event Prevalence, 269 
Extrapolation, 541-542 
Feature Selection 
Backward, 511-513 
Filter Methods, 516-518 
Forward, 511-513 
Recursive Feature 
Elimination, 513-516 
Stepwise, 511-513 Filtering 
High correlation, 55-56 
Near zero variance, 55 
Flexible Discriminant Analysis, 
362 
Imputation, 54 
K—Nearest Neighbors 
Classification, 83, 364-365 
Regression, 168 
Linear Discriminant Analysis, 
318-320 
Logistic Regression, 87-89, 
fi Ben 
Model Tuning, 84-87 
Multivariate Adaptive Regression 
Splines (MARS) 
Regression, 163-166 
Naive Bayes, 365-366 
Near—Zero Variance Predictors, 
310 
Nearest Shrunken Centroids, 
324-326 
Negative Predicted Value, 268 
Neural Networks 
Classification, 360-361 
Regression, 162-163 
Nonlinear Discriminant Analysis, 
359-360 
Object-Oriented Programming, 
560 
Ordinary Least Squares 
Regression, 128-132 
Partial Least Squares 
Classification, 320-321 
Regression, 133-134 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 591 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3, 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

592 
Penalized Classification Models 
Linear Discriminant 
Analysis, 323 
Logistic Regression, 322-323 
Penalized Regression Models 
Elastic Net, 136 
lasso, 135-136 
Ridge Regression, 134-135 
Positive Predicted Value, 268 
predict, 84 
Predictor Importance 
Categorical Outcomes, 
480-483 
Model-Based Importance 
Scores, 483-484 
Numeric Outcomes, 478-480 
R Packages 
AppliedPredictiveModeling, 
viii, 51, 81, 89, 128, 236, 
266, 309, 481, 485, 511, 
562 
C50, 328, 404, 441 
CORElearn, 481 
Cubist, 217 
DMwR, 439 
DWD, 435 
Design, 87 
Hmisc, 237 
MASS ob 2S oeuls Or 34.266. 
SiS, 309, ol2. 563 
RWeka, 214, 215, 403, 406, 
563, 564 
caTools, 563 
caret, 51, 53-56, 81-85, 99, 
130, 162, 168, 237, 240; 
266, 268, 364, 439, 479, 
A83. 512. Sid, SIG—ols, 
563 
corrplot, 51, 55 
CiVeooS 
desirability, 243 
e1071, 51, 52, 84, 87, 166, 365 
earth, 163, 362 
elasticnet, 134 Computing 
foreach, 563 
gbm, 216, 271, 409, 563 
glmnet, 135, 322 
impute, 54 
ipred, 83, 84, 87, 215, 408 
kernlab, 166, 363, 440 
klaR, 266, 273, 359, 365, 512 
lars, 135 
lattices 51, 52) 271, 479 
leaps, 512 
mda; 359, 362, 563 
minerva, 479 
nnet, 161, 162, 360, 563 
pROC, 266, 269, 318, 438, 481 
pamr, 324 
partykit, 214, 404 
party, 212, 215, 216 
pls, 133, 320 
randomForest, 215, 216, 266, 
408, 484 
rms, 314 
rpart, 212, 402, 441, 553 
rrcov, 309 
sparseLDA, 323 
stats, 478, 482, 511, 563 
subselect, 311 
R Programming Language 
S3 methods, 561 
S4 methods, 561 
character values, 555 
classes, 560 
data frames, 559 
factors, 556 
functions, 561 
MSUSeo ot 
logical values, 554 
matrices, 558 
methods, 560 
numeric values, 554 
packages, 552 
vectors, 555 
Receiver Operating Characteristic 
(ROC) Curve, 269-270 
Relevance Vector Machines, 168 
Resampling, 82-83 

Computing 
Residuals, 131, 132 
Restricted Cubic Splines, 314-315 
Robust Least Squares Regression, 
132-133 
RSiteSearch, 51 
Sampling Methods, 439 
Sensitivity, 268 
Specificity, 268 
Specifying Models 
Formula interface, 83 
Non-formula interface, 83 
Support Vector Machines, 84-87 
Classification, 363-364 
Regression, 166-168 
Support Vectors, 168 ‘Transformations 
Box—Cox, 52-53 
PCA, 53-54 
Spatial Sign, 54 
‘Tree—Based Models 
Bagged Trees, 215, 408 
Boosted Trees, 216-217, 
409-411 
Classification Trees, 
402-405 
Cubist, 217-218 
Model Trees, 214-215 
Random Forest, 215-216, 
408-409 
Regression Trees, 212-214 
Rules, 406-408 593 


General 
e-Insensitive Regression, 151 
Active Learning, 226 
Additive Models, 148, 150-152, 
205, 285, 338, 341, 342, 
421 
Akaike Information Criterion, 493 
Alzheimer’s Disease, 502-504 
Apparent Estimate of 
Performance, 64, 65, 73, 
74, 143, 148 
Applicability Domain, 535 
Bagging 
FDA, 342-343 
Linear Regression, 194-195 
MARS, 194-195 
Trees, 197-195, 206, 2215220; 
385-386, 453, 456, 537 
Bayes’ Rule, 250, 287-289, 300, 
301, 353-354 
Binning Data, 49-50, 122, 
447-448, 531-534 
Binomial Distribution, 282-285, 
303,000 
Biomarkers, 502-503 
Bonferroni Correction, 499, 509 
Boosting 
C5.0, 396-397 
Tree-Based Models, 79, 
203-208, 221, 230, 
389-392 
Bootstrap, 70; 72-13, 76, 78, 110, 
197, 264, 427, 428, 501 
Bagging, 192-194, 198 
Estimating Performance, 70, 
F213, (05,70, E10, 301 
Random Forests, 198-199 
Box—Cox Transformation, 32-33, 
35, 111 
C4.5, 377-383 
C5.0, 392-400, 432, 434, 454, 456 Calibration Plot, 249 
Case Studies 
Cell Segmentation, 28-33, 
39-40, 43, 47, 468-470, 
476 
Cognitive Impairment, 
502-510 
Compound Solubility, 
102-105, 144-146, 149, 
151, 157, 160, 186-192, 
214-212, 221-223, 
464—468, 488-490, 
529-527, 002-033 
Concrete Strength, 196, 
225-243 
Credit Scoring, 73-76, 251, 
257, 262-264 
Customer Churn, 327-328, 
411, 484 
Direct Marketing, 260-262, 
442-443 
Fuel Economy, 19-24 
Grant Applications, 275-282, 
284-286, 293-294, 299, 
303-306, 308, 336, 
339-343, 349-350, 
382-383, 385, 470-472 
Hepatic Injury, 326-327, 
366-367, 411-413 
Income Levels, 442 
Insurance Policies, 419-425, 
425, 426, 428-429, 
431—432, 433, 
434 
Job Scheduling, 445-457 
Oil Types, 327, 367, 484 
Unwanted Side Effects, 
528-531 
Case Weights, 426-427 
Censored Data, 41 
Class Centroids, 49, 306-308 
Class Imbalance, 419-434 
M. Kuhn and K. Johnson, Applied Predictive Modeling, 595 
DOI 10.1007/978-1-4614-6849-3 , 
© Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013 

596 
Class Probabilities, 247-254 
Alternate Cutoffs, 423-426 
Equivocal Zone, 254 
Well—Calibrated, 249-252, 
296, 358 
Classification 
Accuracy, 254 
Boundaries, 62 
Classification Trees, 370-383 
Click Through Rate, 419 
Coefficient of Determination, 
95-97, 100 
Collinearity, 98, 110-111, 123, 
Da PAG 
Committees, 210 
Confusion Matrix, 254, 456-457 
Correlation Matrix, 45 
Correlation Plot, 45 
Correlation—Based Feature 
Selection, 493 
Cost-Sensitive Training, 429-434, 
452-456 
Customer Lifetime Value, 248 
Data Pre—Processing, 27-49 
Centering, 30 
Imputation, 42-43 
Scaling, 30 
Spatial Sign Transform, 34, 
336 
Data Reduction, 35 
Data Splitting, 67-69, 279-282, 
450 
Maximum Dissimilarity 
Sampling, 68-69, 233 
Test Set, 67-69 
Training Set, 67 
Desirability Functions, 234-235 
Dummy Variables, 47-48, 298, 
300, 372-373, 400 
Elastic Net, 126-128, 303 
Entropy, 333, 378 
Event Prevalence, 255, 258-259, 
354 General 
Experimental Design, 225-227 
Gauge R&R Studies, 
530-531 
Mixture Designs, 226 
Response Surface 
Methodology, 225 
Sequential Experimentation, 
225 
Extrapolation, 534-538 
False Positive Rate, 256 
Feature Engineering, 27-28, 
276-277 
Feature Selection 
Backward Selection, 494 
C5.0 (Winnowing), 398-399 
Correlation—Based, 493 
Filters, 490, 499, 509-510 
Forward Selection, 491-493 
Genetic Algorithms, 
497-499 
Highly Correlated Predictors, 
45-47, 277 
Intrinsic, 487, 489 
lasso, 125, 303, 306 
Near—Zero Variance 
Predictors, 44—45 
Nearest Shrunken Centroids, 
307-308 
Recursive Feature 
Elimination, 494—495, 
500-502, 504-507 
Selection Bias, 500-501 
Simulated Annealing, 
495-497 
Single Trees, 180-181 
Sparse and Unbalanced 
Predictors, 44, 277-278 
Stepwise Selection, 493, 494 
Supervised, 487-510 
Unsupervised, 43-47, 278, 
299, 488 
Using MARS, 149 
Wrappers, 490-499 
Fisher’s Exact Test, 471, 472 

General 
Flexible Discriminant Analysis 
(FDA), 306, 338-343, 
420, 426, 453,454. 
Variable Importance, 343 
Fraud Prediction, 248 
Generalized Additive Models, 285 
Generalized Cross- Validation 
(GCV), 148 
Generalized Linear Models, 284 
Genetic Algorithms, 497-499 
Genotype, 503-504 
Gini Index, 370-374, 433 
gilmnet, 303-305 
Graph Kernels, 349 
Heatmap, 251, 253 
Hidden Units, 141-143 
High Performance Computing, 
445 
High—Content Screening, 29 
Hinge Functions, 145, 338-339 
Huber Function, 109, 151 
Hypothesis Testing, 285, 466-468, 
471-472, 491-494, 499, 
507 
Image Segmentation, 29 
Import Vector Machines, 349 
Information Gain, 378, 379 
Information Theory, 377-381 
Instance-Based Corrections, 
ZNO=20a 
K—Nearest Neighbors, 64 
Classification, 64-65, 
350-352 
Imputation, 42-43 
Regression, 159-161 
Kappa Statistic, 255-256, 
431-432, 434, 455, 533 
Kernel Functions, 155-157, 347, 
349 
Laplace Correction, 357 
lasso, 124-126, 303-306, 306 597 
Least Angle Regression, 126 
Least Squares Support Vector 
Machines, 349 
Leave—Group-—Out 
Cross—Validation, see 
Repeated Training/Test 
Splits 
Lift Charts, 265-266, 421-423 
Linear Discriminant Analysis, 
287-297, 305-306, 453, 
454, 504, 505, 508-509 
Linear Regression, 20—24 
Locally Weighted Regression, 
464-466 
Logistic Regression, 79, 250-252, 
282-287, 420, 504 
Penalized, 302-305 
Margin, 343-344 
Maximal Information Coefficient 
(MIC), 466, 470, 476, 
A477 
Maximum Likelihood Estimation, 
282-284 
Measurement Error, 524-531 
Measurement Systems Analysis, 
530-531 
Missing Values, 41-43, 277, 
380-382 
Informative, 41 
Mixture Discriminant Analysis 
(MDA), 331-332 
Model Averaging, 144, 335-336 
Model Parameter Tuning, 64-66 
Monte Carlo Cross- Validation, 
see Repeated 
Training /Test Splits 
Mosaic Plot, 448, 450 
Multicollinearity, 45-47 
Multiparameter Optimization, 
234 
Multiple Comparison Corrections, 
182 
Multivariate Adaptive Regression 
Splines (MARS), 79, 489 

598 
Bagged, 194-195 
Classification, 338-339 
Pruning, 148 
Regression, 22—24, 145-151 
Second Order Model, 148 
Variable Importance, 150 
Naive Bayes, 79, 353-358, 505 
Napoleon Dynamite Effect, 41 
Near—Zero Variance Predictors, 
44-45, 277, 285, 293 
Nearest Shrunken Centroids, 
306-308 
Negative Predicted Value, 258 
Neisseria gonorrhoeae, 259 
Nelder—Mead Simplex Method, 
236 
Neural Networks, 453, 456, 489 
Classification, 333-336 
Early Stopping, 143 
Hidden Units, 141-143 
Model Averaging, 144, 
335-336 
Regression, 141-145 
Weight Decay, 143-144, 303, 
334-336 
No Information Rate, 255 
Non-Informative Predictors, 
487-490 
Odds, 283-285 
Odds—Ratio, 470-472 
One-Standard Error Rule, 75 
Ordinary Least Squares 
Regression, 105-112 
Outliers, 33-34, 109, 151 
Over-Fitting, 62-64, 280, 335, 
336, 347, 302, 362, Bol, 
490, 493, 500, 501, 503 
Partial Least Squares, 79 
Classification, 297-302, 306, 
453, 454 
Kernel PIS, 121 
NIPALS, 120 General 
Regression, 112-122 
SIMPLS, 121 
Performance Tolerance, 75 
Permutation Distribution, 
475-476 
Positive Predicted Value, 258 
Posterior Probability, 258, 287, 
354 
Principal Component Analysis 
(PCA), 35-40, 105, 107, 
Hise 290 OO 
Principal Component Regression, 
Fes, WIS EI, TS 
Principal Components, 35 
Prior Probability, 255, 300, 354, 
356, 426 
Pruning 
C4.5, 381 
Cubist, 209, 210 
MARS, 148 
Model Trees, 186 
Quadratic Discriminant Analysis 
(QDA), 330 
R?, 95-97 
Random Forest, 79, 420, 428, 453, 
456-457, 489, 504, 505, 
508-509 
Rank Correlation, 97, 100 
Receiver Operating Characteristic 
(ROC) Curve, 257, 
262-264, 421-425, 
468-470, 476 
Recursive Feature Elimination, 
494—495, 500-502, 
504-508 
Regularization, 122-128, 143-144, 
153, 302-306, 346-347 
Regularized Discriminant 
Analysis (RDA), 
330-331 
Relevance Vector Machines, 
157-159, 349 
Relief Scores, 470, 472-476 

General 
Resampling, 69-73 
k—Fold Cross—Validation, 21, 
69 
Bootstrap, 70, 72—73, 76, 78, 
110, 501 
Bootstrap 632 Method, 73 
For Comparing Models, 
79-80 
Leave-One-Out 
Cross—Validation, 70 
Out-of-Bag Estimate, 197, 
200 
Pitfalls, 500-501 
Repeated Cross-Validation, 
70, 452 
Repeated Training/Test 
Splits, 71 
Stratified Cross—Validation, 
70 
Residuals, 95, 97, 101, 108, 109, 
D2 bi Lo 143, 
151-153, 156, 204-206, 
209, 230, 282, 282, 624 
Restricted Cubic Splines, 285 
Ridge Regression, 123-124, 303 
Robust Regression, 109, 151-153 
Root Mean Squared Error 
(RMSE), 95 
Rule-Based Models 
C4.5Rules, 383-384 
C5.0, 395-396 
Classification Model Rules, 
383-385 
Cubist, 208-212 
PART, 385 
Regression Model Rules, 
190-192, 211-212 
Sampling, 427-429 
Down-Sampling, 427-429 
Synthetic Minority 
Over-sampling 
TEchnique (SMOTE), 
428-429 
Up-Sampling, 427, 429 599 
Selection Bias, 149, 299, 500-501 
Sensitivity, 256, 421, 423-425, 
432, 433 
Shrinkage, see Regularization 
Simulated Annealing, 233, 
495-497 
Skewness, 31-33, 104, 105, 111, 
458 
Softmax Transformation, 248, 
300 
Specificity, 256, 421, 423 
Stochastic Gradient Boosting, 
206, 391 
String Kernels, 349 
Supervised Methods, 27, 115 
Support Vector Machines, 79, 
280-281, 490, 500, 505 
Class Weights, 431-432, 
453-456 
Classification, 343-350 
Kernels, 155-157, 347, 349 
Over-Fitting, 65 
Regression, 151-157 
Tuning, 74 
Support Vectors, 155, 155, 345 
Systemic Inflammatory Response 
Syndrome (SIRS), 49 
Table Plot, 448, 451 
Tree-Based Models 
Bagged, 192-194, 385-386, 
453, 456 
Boosting, 203-208, 221, 230, 
389-392, 396-397 
C4.5, 311-380 
C5.0, 394-395, 400, 432, 434, 
454, 456 
Classification, 370-383 
Classification and Regression 
Trees, 370-377, 453, 454, 
456-457 
Cost-Complexity Pruning, 
Liv-1 is, 3i2 
Cost—Sensitive, 432-434, 455, 
456 

600 
Generalized, Unbiased, 
Interaction Detection 
and Estimation 
(GUIDE), 182 
Model Trees, 184-190 
One-Standard Error Rule, 
178 
Pessimistic Pruning, 381 
Random Forest, 198-203, 
386-389, 453, 456-457, 
489, 504, 505, 508-509 
Regression, 175-183 
Selection Bias, 182-183 
Smoothing, 185-186, 209 
Tuning Parameters, 22-23, 65 
Type III Error, 522-524 
Ultimate Answer to the Ultimate 
Question of Life, The 
Universe, and 
Everything, 42 
Unsupervised Methods, 27, 115, 
278, 299, 488 
Uplift Modeling, 522-524 
Variable Importance, 463-477, 
505 General 
Bagged Trees, 198 
Boosted Trees, 207-208 
C5,0)5398 
Cubist, 212-213 
Logistic Regression, 286 
MARS, 150 
Maximal Information 
Coefficient (MIC), 466, 
470, 476-477 
Partial Least Squares, 
118-120, 302 
Random Forest, 201-203, 464 
Relief Scores, 470, 472-476 
Single Trees, 180-182 
Variable Selection, see Feature 
Selection 
Variance Inflation Factors (VIF), 
AT 
Variance—Bias Tradeoff, 97—98, 
122-123, 192, 194 
Winnowing, 398-399 
Youden Index, 424 
Zero Variance Predictors, 44 


Printed in the United States of America 


Max Kuhn - Kjell Johnson 
Applied Predictive Modeling 
This text is intended for a broad audience as both an introduction to predictive models 
as well as a guide to applying them. Non-mathematical readers will appreciate the 
intuitive explanations of the techniques while an emphasis on problem-solving with real 
data across a wide variety of applications will aid practitioners who wish to extend their 
expertise. Readers should have knowledge of basic statistical ideas, such as correlation 
and linear regression analysis. While the text is biased against complex equations, a 
mathematical background is needed for advanced topics. _ 
Dr. Kuhn is a Director of Non-Clinical Statistics at Pfizer Global R&D in Groton 
Connecticut. He has been applying predictive models in the pharmaceutical and 
diagnostic industries for over 15 years and is the author of a number of R packages. — 
¥ 
Dr. Johnson has more than a decade of statistical consulting and predictive modeling 
experience in pharmaceutical research and development. He is a co-founder of Arbor 
Analytics, a firm specializing in predictive modeling and is a former Director of _ 
Statistics at Pfizer Global R&D. His scholarly work centers on the application and : 
development of statistical methodology and learning algorithms. 
Statistics / Life Sciences, 
Medicine, Health Sciences 
> springer.com 
