’92, In the week before spring break, spring semester, Uni. Regensburg. Arab terrorist, “Kahlil” attempted attack of mass destruction against us and all other, so housed, foreign and domestic students.  By conspiring with the local muslim network, to infiltrate Kirsten Pearcy’s (KP - respectfully see my fb) and my dorm, Die Goldene Turm, and stab me.  Weeks prior, Kahlil, had in fact, illegally and by force, eg showed me his switchblade and how he could use it to push open the entrance door locks to same 1k year old tinderbox, with no sprinklers or alarms.  Kahlil initially entered my unlocked dorm room after the bars to stab me, exactly as he had threatened weeks prior. If, I didnt fuck(?) him?   When he discovered KP in bed with me, he instead tried to burn down all the “non-believers,” by knocking my dwindling, “ambiance candle,” into the pile of laundry, at the foot of my dorm bed. The clothes caught fire, burning and perm scaring both KP’s and my feet.  

Scorching the bed frame wall, and burning a decent hole in the floor.  My classmate, Georg Schmidt, from Von muller Gym, disposed of the damaged furniture.  I replaced with identical furniture from unlocked storage room in basement.  Uni Rgb charged me for, and also repaired the floor.  Had both of my feel not been severely on fire, I probably would have not discovered, in time to retrieve fire extinguisher from common area and extinguish.  Kahlil’s muslim brotherhood in same town, invited, and in full-on, abduction-style, in Mercedes sedan.  Did full pickup of Brad Turner and Me. After discussing in bar in tiny, narrow corridor of a medieval passageway. Not far from my dorm. To attend sugar fest(?). Was full scary.   I think this mosque started planning for 9/11. Huge mosque, tons of Arabs were partying in that festival. And scared me so badly, I broke relations with Kahlil. Then he came to tell me he was going to break in and stab me to death.  Kahlil had cigarette burn on right(?) forearm, from when he and buddy in prison somewhere.  Let a lit cigarette burn all the way between their pressed arms. Was prob 27 in ’93.  Skinny tall, scary.  Is mosque wahabi?  KP cleaned up my room after, as I left for Greece immediately after. Merry.